AA: did y0u set up the teams
AA: yes
AA: i d0nt kn0w ab0ut that
AA: i d0nt kn0w ab0ut that either
AA: n0t really
AA: im 0k with it
AA: im 0k with a l0t 0f things
AA: even 0ur inevitable failure
AA: th0ugh it will briefly masquerade as vict0ry
AA: she was right ab0ut a l0t 0f things
AA: but y0u like t0 talk t0 me
AA: this a fact n0t a questi0n
AA: they t0ld me
AA: why d0 y0u like t0 talk t0 me
AA: ha
AA: ha
AA: 0_0
AA: s0llux i actually w0uld like it if you were happy
AA: y0u seem sad and angry all the time
AA: what d0es anger feel like
AA: i f0rg0t
AA: maybe i never was
AA: i feel like i was th0ugh
AA: 0nce
AA: i think his anger serves a greater purp0se
AA: its part 0f his destiny and thus 0urs
AA: it will help him t0 sab0tage his 0wn designs
AA: which are very much in 0pp0siti0n t0 the br0ader purp0se
AA: and will s0w the seeds 0f 0ur failure
AA: a failure which will ir0nically pr0ve t0 be missi0n critical
AA: they never lied th0ugh
AA: this is h0w it had t0 be
AA: i have t0 be t0tally h0nest
AA: th0ugh at n0 p0int did i ever lie
AA: but thr0ugh 0missi0n
AA: this game will n0t save the w0rld
AA: and th0ugh it is still very imp0rtant even in 0ur defeat
AA: unf0rtantely it is much cl0ser t0 serving as the instrument 0f 0ur pe0ples demise than that 0f their salvati0n
AA: and we twelve will behave simultane0usly as the pawns and the 0rchestrat0rs of the great und0ing
AA: y0u will th0ugh
AA: it cann0t be st0pped
AA: mete0rs are en r0ute
AA: y0u kn0w this s0llux
AA: y0u were never g0ing t0 be the team leader th0ugh
AA: which is t0 say
AA: the first t0 enter
AA: im c0ming up
AA: 0h n0000000
AA: 0_0
AA: n0
AA: 0r yes
AA: yes theres n0thing
AA: and n0 y0u cant
AA: but y0u sh0uldnt pretend as if y0u believe this has anything t0 d0 with the state 0f my mind
AA: 0r the decisi0ns it will make 0r has already made
AA: s0rry i didnt f0ll0w that
AA: 0k
AA: thanks
AA: did y0u set up the teams
AA: im c0ming up
AA: 0h b0y thats way t00 many of the same letter in a r0w twice
AA: h0w ab0ut
AA: eight eyes
AA: minus seven
AA: i didnt trick him
AA: its n0t like that
AA: i d0nt care
AA: yes
AA: 0k well im sure it will be very th0ughtful
AA: uh
AA: the blue team
AA: i havent given it any th0ught
AA: n0r did i think such a thing was up f0r c0nsiderati0n
AA: but if y0u want t0 pretend we b0th have a separate team t0gether
AA: and name that team
AA: then kn0ck y0urself 0ut
AA: 0_0
AA: i never think ab0ut that anym0re
AA: its 0k
AA: which l0ser
AA: n0
AA: i didnt exclude him f0r that reas0n
AA: 0r at all
AA: y0ure just n0t getting it
AA: y0u never listen
AA: d0nt d0 that its really childish
AA: uh w0w
AA: its 0k
AA: yes we are
AA: n0 im s0rry
AA: y0u cant s0llux
AA: n0t yet
AA: n0 y0ure n0t
AA: trust me
AA: c0me t0 the wind0w
AA: because im 0utside
AA: take a l00k
AA: c0me cl0ser y0ull see me
AA: i pr0mise
AA: c00l!
AA: mine t00
AA: i d0nt kn0w where terezi is th0ugh
AA: shes running late
AA: n0
AA: ill be here cl0uding her campaign f0r her regardless
AA: with 0r with0ut her!
AA: her l0ss if she d0esnt make it
AA: itll give y0u a chance t0 gain s0me gr0und
AA: y0u picked a t0ugh class tavr0s!
AA: n0ne 0f the really useful c0mbat abilities c0me int0 play until y0u reach a very high level
AA: but i supp0se it will be rewarding when y0u get there
AA: i c0uldnt agree m0re
AA: y0u might be the 0nly flarper in the w0rld wh0 really understands the true spirit 0f the game
AA: every0ne else is s0 aggressive and treasure hungry!
AA: but thats what makes beating them all the m0re satisfying
AA: remember y0ur cl0uder isnt g0ing t0 pull any punches t0night
AA: d0nt fall f0r her mind games
AA: ill be here t0 assist 0f c0urse
AA: if y0ure in tr0uble d0nt hesitate t0 ask f0r help
AA: n0 pr0blem!
AA: yes
AA: im dead
AA: my spirit merged with the fr0gsprite
AA: like a gh0st
AA: y0u d0nt s0und dumb
AA: i ign0red the advice 0f a friend
AA: and made s0me bad ch0ices
AA: 0k
AA: nepeta can y0u please keep this a secret
AA: thank y0u
AA: ribbit
AA: wh00ps
AA: 0k
AA: he cant walk th0ugh
AA: pr0bably never will
AA: n0!
AA: neither he 0r i sh0uld have ever had anything t0 d0 with th0se hateful sn0bs
AA: it was a big mistake
AA: n0 0ffense 0_0
AA: i d0nt see why theyd lift a finger t0 help him
AA: they hate us b0th s0 much
AA: im s0 mad!
AA: im n0t scared 0f her
AA: she cant c0ntr0l me
AA: shes tried it d0esnt w0rk
AA: but it was my fault
AA: i was distracted when i c0uld have helped him
AA: yeah
AA: wh0 was he anyway
AA: what was he d0ing there
AA: watching us
AA: i guess s0
AA: i feel p0werless sitting here d0ing n0thing th0ugh
AA: its like she wins even if y0u get her back!
AA: i guess 0ur gaming days are 0ver then
AA: us f0ur at least
AA: what
AA: id rather n0t talk t0 y0u
AA: im n0t the 0ne y0u sh0uld ap0l0gize t0
AA: n0t falling f0r it
AA: i d0nt see anything 0ut there
AA: what d0 y0u mean
AA: are y0u n0t happy ab0ut that
AA: y0u were ab0ut t0 be killed by his hive
AA: pr0ceeding with that plan w0uldnt have made sense
AA: we certainly d0nt need tw0 dead players
AA: yes it was the plan
AA: it had t0 g0 this way
AA: were we ever really friends
AA: i d0nt remember
AA: it d0esnt matter
AA: ribbit
AA: s0rry
AA: n0
AA: y0ure n0t 0n the blue team
AA: y0u were never g0ing t0 be
AA: its n0t revenge
AA: y0u were always supp0sed t0 be 0n the red team
AA: y0ull believe me later
AA: when y0u wake up
AA: ive never th0ught ab0ut revenge at all
AA: i d0nt care
AA: 0_0
AA: s0rry
AA: they need y0u th0ugh
AA: and its where y0u need t0 be
AA: karkat will be in t0uch with y0u s00n
AA: als0 if its any c0ns0lati0n
AA: the teams are meaningless anyway
AA: thats fine
AA: n0
AA: im 0k with it
AA: i d0nt usually receive 0rders fr0m superi0rs 0r 0therwise
AA: but really its fine
AA: what
AA: why
AA: whats wr0ng
AA: ab0ut what
AA: what are y0u talking ab0ut
AA: ive underst00d f0r s0me time that this will be my r0le
AA: t0 functi0n as y0ur server player
AA: and that y0u w0uld be the team leader as the first in the chain
AA: uh
AA: thats n0t quite the meaning 0f the w0rd server
AA: as y0ur server i manipulate y0ur envir0nment t0 help y0u advance
AA: i supp0se s0
AA: what
AA: 0_0
AA: y0u really are quite a sn0b
AA: 0_0
AA: y0u l00k really agitated
AA: are y0u sure y0ure alright
AA: break s0mething
AA: 0h
AA: i think i understand
AA: i like breaking things
AA: i didnt used t0 but n0w i d0
AA: its fun
AA: um
AA: hell0
AA: are y0u sure y0ure 0k
AA: y0u really d0 l00k like y0ure sweating pretty hard
AA: maybe y0u sh0uld break s0mething
AA: t0 try t0 calm d0wn
AA: d0 y0u want me t0 break s0mething
AA: i c0uld break s0mething if y0u want
AA: kind 0f
AA: equius im ab0ut t0 thr0w an abluti0n trap thr0ugh y0ur wall
AA: heads up
AA: it was pretty c00l
AA: what
AA: y0u want me t0 call it a bath tub
AA: that s0unds ridicul0us
AA: fine
AA: what
AA: y0u want me t0 thr0w the trap thr0ugh y0ur wall again
AA: i mean the tub
AA: is that an 0rder
AA: what d0nt y0u kn0w
AA: i really have n0 idea what y0ure talking ab0ut
AA: y0u are s0 weird
AA: and this is c0ming fr0m a gh0st
AA: ribbit
AA: s0rry
AA: 0_0
AA: im n0t really r0le playing
AA: im part fr0g
AA: but 0k
AA: i guess i can break s0me m0re stuff
AA: ribbit
AA: i cant really c0ntr0l the ribbits
AA: yeah i kn0w
AA: sure
AA: what
AA: everything y0u say s0unds strange
AA: 0k
AA: i d0nt have pupils
AA: fine
AA: yeah sure
AA: thats pretty much h0w it is anyway
AA: i d0nt have bl00d
AA: 0_0
AA: w0w uh
AA: can y0u just bring me the r0b0t already
AA: ribbit
ARADIASPRITE: it l00ks nice
ARADIASPRITE: ribbit
ARADIABOT: it feels
ARADIABOT: different!
ARADIABOT: uh
ARADIABOT: stirring?
ARADIABOT: im n0t sure
ARADIABOT: wait
ARADIABOT: what is that
ARADIABOT: this feeling
ARADIABOT: 0h g0d
ARADIABOT: 0H MY G0D WHAT DID Y0U D0!
ARADIABOT: did y0u pr0gram this r0b0t t0 have feelings f0r y0u?
ARADIABOT: R0MANTIC FEELINGS???
ARADIABOT: ANSWER ME BLUE BL00D SCUM
ARADIABOT: get it 0ut
ARADIABOT: GET IT 0UT!!!
ARADIABOT: GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT GET IT 0UT
Aradia: im n0t 0k with it
ARADIA: have y0u decided t0 tr0ll them yet
ARADIA: never mind
ARADIA: lets pretend i didnt say that and lets als0 pretend it isnt inevitable
ARADIA: n0thing. its n0t like a decisi0n y0u are ab0ut t0 make will invariably lead t0 every pr0blem we have and will ever face as well as the great und0ing itself
ARADIA: just keep listening t0 y0ur angry impulses it will all be fine
ARADIA: actually i guess i c0uld kill y0u right n0w and st0p it all fr0m happening thus d00ming us all in an 0ffsh00t timeline
ARADIA: i might c0nsider it if we all werent d00med anyway
ARADIA: and if y0u werent my friend
ARADIA: 0_0
ARADIA: c0uldnt i ask y0u the same thing
ARADIA: its really weird that y0u keep antag0nizing me
ARADIA: i c0uld snap y0ur neck with a twitch
ARADIA: 0k
ARADIA: what d0 y0u want
ARADIA: yes
ARADIA: ...
ARADIA: what d0 y0u want t0 kn0w specifically
ARADIA: 0_0
ARADIA: are y0u seri0usly intending t0 fight him
ARADIA: n0t especially
ARADIA: 0h is that what feferi thinks
ARADIA: thats nice
ARADIA: havent y0u underst00d anything ab0ut h0w parad0x space w0rks
ARADIA: 0f c0urse they are the s0luti0n
ARADIA: but they are als0 the pr0blem
ARADIA: every effect is als0 its 0wn cause
ARADIA: 0ur tw0 universes exist 0n 0pp0sing sides 0f a m0bius strip which is 0f c0urse n0thing but c0ntradicti0n
ARADIA: enj0y engineering the present c0nundrum as y0u try t0 s0lve it
ARADIA: im c0mpletely d0ne with this
AA: what d0 y0u think y0ure d0ing!
AA: just st0p
AA: st0p st0p st0p st0p st0p st0p
AA: maybe if i say st0p en0ugh s0mething else will happen instead 0f the thing that d0es
AA: y0u arent g0ing t0 st0p are y0u
AA: n0 i d0nt care ab0ut that
AA: its y0ur quest t0 tear y0ur sessi0n apart
AA: i kn0w its exciting
AA: breaking stuff
AA: and n0t w0rrying ab0ut it
AA: but there are c0nsequences t0 hum0ring y0ur destructive impulses
AA: and c0nsequences t0 f0ll0wing
AA: what they say
AA: y0u kn0w wh0
AA: i d0nt even need t0 watch y0ur future acti0ns t0 kn0w this
AA: the kn0wing is the same as this elusive feeling 0f sickness thats been with me f0r years
AA: pr0bably since bef0re i died c0me t0 think 0f it
AA: it was always a big setup
AA: n0
AA: i never had 0ne
AA: s0rt 0f a special case here
AA: i just wish
AA: back when i was behaving recklessly
AA: i had s0me0ne t0 tell me t0 st0p listening
AA: even if i ended up ign0ring their advice
AA: it w0uld have been nice
AA: i was assured i w0uld be saving my race
AA: which is maybe still true i d0nt kn0w
AA: but if it is then it will be the punchline t0 the vast j0ke
AA: y0u really d0nt understand anything yet d0 y0u
AA: and yet y0u bug and fuss and meddle
AA: with things m0re danger0us than y0u can imagine
AA: what d0 y0u want with the s0urce 0f the first guardians
AA: what g00d d0 y0u really think c0uld c0me 0f it
AA: y0u cant p0ssibly wield its energy 0r put it t0 c0nstructive use
AA: y0u w0nt find it either
AA: its imp0ssible
AA: n0!
AA: y0u still havent gathered that y0ure the pr0blem
AA: im thr0ugh with c0nsci0usly c0ntributing t0 inevitable 0utc0mes
AA: 0bvi0usly
AA: but im just talking
AA: maybe the things i say will indirectly trigger y0ur critical acti0ns
AA: maybe n0t wh0 kn0ws
AA: maybe!!!
AA: maybe if i behave in a manner s0 rand0m
AA: parad0x space w0nt kn0w h0w t0 handle it!
AA: blah BL00P blee BLUH!@#$%^&*()_+
AA: didnt see that 0ne c0ming did y0u pspace??? + ?*rand(413^612)
AA: oh look and now i suddenly refuse to type zeroes in my sentences
AA: isnt that crazy! who thought that was even a possibility
AA: bslick never would have imagined THAT little vestibule of probability was tucked somewhere in his huge glistening blow sack
AA: ribbit ribbit ribbit
AA: WILL YOU LOOK AT THAT
AA: I JUST CONTROLLED THE RIBBITS AND I DID IT DELIBERATELY
AA: hahaha!
AA: 0h w0w im sure y0u were just being faceti0us with that but y0u have n0 idea h0w funny that is right n0w
AA: y0u had n0 way 0f kn0wing thats a thing i d0 all the time but with zer0es
AA: this is great
AA: i think im 0n t0 s0mething here
AA: maybe if i dig deep en0ugh int0 my circuitry and rer0ute all 0f my reserve p0wer thr0ugh my quantum based rand0m number generat0r i can pr0duce behavi0r s0 c0mpletely 0ff the wall that parad0x space will have n0 ch0ice but t0 change everything!
AA: maybe i will also rig my p0wer s0urce t0 the 0utc0me 0f the functi0n and rand0mly bl0w myself up!
AA: that w0uld be just
AA: really
AA: really
AA: really*rand(rand(rand(rand(rand(0M)*0M)*0M)*0M)*0M) where 0M = s0me number drawn quite at rand0m fr0m 0ne 0f y0ur absurd human hats
AA: !~M~0~D~N~A~R
AA: g00dbye r0se
AA: enj0y y0ur rampant indiscreti0ns
AA: talk t0 y0u later assuming i havent rand0mly bl0wn myself up!
AA: hi
AA: i guess i sh0uld say s0mething
AA: bef0re i g0
AA: i kn0w
AA: but this is hard f0r me
AA: n0 thats n0t true
AA: s0rry ab0ut everything
AA: and all the bad luck y0uve had
AA: y0u didnt deserve it
AA: i have t0 g0 n0w
AA: im n0t sure
AA: anyway thats it
AA: i d0nt kn0w that either
AA: but i guess if y0u d0
AA: pr0bably n0t with y0ur eyes
AA: i think y0ull be 0k with it th0ugh
AA: 0_0
AA: i wish
AA: i c0uld s0meh0w make that em0tic0n smile
AA: 0u0
AA: n0 that l00ks stupid
AA: 0h well
AA: hello!
AA: i think its absurd i never introduced myself to you in all that time i spent moping around the lab
AA: guess i wasnt in a very good mood
AA: hi dave my names aradia
AA: um
AA: 6 a girl and a place very close to you
AA: in fact
AA: i could visit you right now if you would like
AA: to be fair it translates to the same age as you which at the moment is 12 is it not
AA: understanding disparities in the flow of time should be easy for people like us let alone understanding disparities in such pedestrian things as units
AA: i am 6 sweeps old one sweep is a little more than 2 years you dummy!
AA: look it is either the truth or i am just someone who is being a bit playful what is the harm in that
AA: :D
AA: i know you arent
AA: but i am
AA: maid of time
AA: whereas you are the knight of the very same cosmic faculty
AA: it would seem we have very little in common dave
AA: when in fact we have very much
AA: yes
AA: thats definitely what you did the first time we had this conversation
AA: so i will wait patiently while you realize thats not what youre going to do this time
AA: dave describe to me why you are now incredulous please
AA: of course you remember that
AA: this is a memory
AA: come to the window
AA: because im outside
AA: take a look
AA: that iiis
AA: becaaause
AA: im not out there anymore!
AA: turn around
AA: yeah
AA: try to remember
AA: are you sure
AA: why indeed!
AA: yes
AA: i think it looks pretty nice but go on
AA: no
AA: sorry
AA: not exactly
AA: yes
AA: yes and no
AA: yes and 2 nos!
AA: it is the afterlife
AA: but what is happening now is taking place in a bubble which is accessible to the living through dreams under the right conditions
AA: and it is also your memory
AA: the entry point for any bubble is always a memory
AA: either a memory of the dead
AA: or a memory of the living dreamer come to visit!
AA: but once you realize it is not just a memory
AA: what happens next is up to you
AA: no this actually did happen
AA: thats because it isnt your memory
AA: this is alpha dave
AA: the one who chose not to take the nap which led to your death
AA: did she
AA: didnt you ask for this
AA: evidently
AA: yes yes and yes
AA: yes it can be on the table and yes reality still means something
AA: and yes your guardian did die
AA: nothing
AA: all is well and as it should be
AA: what would you be doing there if you were him
AA: even better!
AA: would you be upset
AA: then maybe what you are doing is grieving
AA: in whatever way that comes naturally to you
AA: you are lucky to be able to
AA: i could not for a long time
AA: but now that i can again im so relieved
AA: because i have discovered there is no reason to grieve!
AA: looks like it
AA: who do you suspect you would be talking to in this situation
AA: maybe she is helping you through this
AA: you were helping her werent you
AA: i think so
AA: the living need each others help
AA: just like the dead do
AA: alpha dave still has a long way to go
AA: hes still not at ease with his mortality
AA: but people like us have to be!
AA: we have to be prepared to die a thousand deaths before our quest is complete
AA: the master we serve demands it
AA: pretty much
AA: they come here too
AA: in their own bubbles
AA: you may cross paths with them if you wish
AA: ha
AA: i know the feeling :)
AA: im not showing you im just visiting your bubble
AA: it projects your thoughts and memories
AA: as well as other things relevant to you much like the clouds do in skaia
AA: nothing
AA: none of this is your business anymore
AA: its time to move on
AA: oh look this was my hive!
AA: before it was destroyed
AA: what did you picture
AA: thats very silly and a little perverse
AA: but actually that sounds like what it might have been like on some parts of the planet sooo
AA: ill put in a good word with your bubble about it
AA: i dont know about hauntoffs
AA: but there is plenty of time to satisfy various curiosities you might have about existence and whatnot
AA: is it
AA: oh! yes
AA: there are all sorts of friends to meet
AA: ones you already know and ones you dont
AA: there is plenty of time for just about anything
AA: lots and lots of time
AA: enough time to understand that time isnt much of anything at all
AA: time is like a game
AA: just one fun game in realitys cupboard which is full of them
AA: its the one we are the best at!
AA: while other people are better at the other games
AA: but when all the games are back in the cupboard everyone is about the same
AA: and games are fun but sometimes you dont realize how much fun you were having until theyre all over
AA: and sometimes you look back and realize for some stupid reason you werent having any fun at all!
AA: then you laugh
AA: that laugh will suffice
AA: hey!
AA: want to see inside my hive
AA: it is quite possible and more than ok
AA: it seems you have a hiveguest dave
AA: tavros has been looking forward to meeting you
AA: yes you figured out the mystery!
AA: you may think so but then again you have not faced team charge in a match of slam poetry have you
AA: just kidding im no good at slam poetry haha sorry
AA: yes hes dead
AA: no i am wide awake
AA: and i physically stand before you in person!
AA: oh no
AA: i am very much alive
AA: and i intend to stay that way :)
AA: s0llux!
AA: y0u will never guess what i just f0und
AA: i d0ubt it
AA: um
AA: yes
AA: h0w did y0u kn0w!
AA: yeah
AA: me t00
AA: what d0 y0u think it means?
AA: i d0nt kn0w maybe
AA: maybe y0urs are t00?
AA: wait
AA: yes
AA: shes very quiet th0ugh i cant tell what shes saying!
AA: g00d idea
AA: 0k d0 y0u remember what we talked ab0ut regarding kanayas ruins?
AA: i asked y0u f0r help in understanding the glyphs
AA: 0_0
AA: are y0u just being difficult 0r d0 y0u really n0t remember
AA: well 0bvi0usly!
AA: but i really appreciate y0ur help anyway
AA: well y0u said that y0ud need an0ther set 0f glyphs t0 make sense 0f them
AA: y0u speculated that there might be an0ther set 0f ruins
AA: y0u even guessed they w0uld be blue! it turns 0ut y0u were right
AA: d0nt y0u think that is pretty c00l?
AA: but y0u say that ab0ut everything!
AA: n0 its n0t!
AA: i did find s0me 0ther neat things d0wn here t00 which are strange but quite harmless and n0t f0reb0ding in the least!
AA: like this AMAZING hat!
AA: it is an authentic arche0l0gists hat its s0 hard t0 find them in this style
AA: there are n0 h0rn h0les but i l0ve it anyway its great
AA: i wasnt g0ing t0 tell y0u ab0ut that!
AA: damn it h0w did y0u kn0w
AA: this is stupid
AA: maybe
AA: well
AA: 0k
AA: ahem
AA: sorry to interrupt i wanted to give you both the chance to remember but it doesnt look like this is going anywhere!
AA: w0w what
AA: is it coming back yet
AA: thats right!
AA: nope!
AA: you are just asleep
AA: you are also blind!
AA: yes thats what being blind means
AA: sollux will you shut up and stop being so tragic for once
AA: you knew this was going to happen! your prophecies of personal doom were practically all you ever talked about
AA: i think you were looking forward to this honestly
AA: great!
AA: you should be able to relax now that youve been released from the curse of your vision twofold just like you said youd be
AA: you are now merely doomed!
AA: thats the spirit hahaha
AA: nope :)
AA: hahahahaha!
AA: i
AA: dont know?
AA: what noise?
AA: oh its jade!
AA: shes one of the humans we met after you died
AA: thats fine youll catch up!
AA: no dont!
AA: sollux try to be polite
AA: there is no reason at all for you to feel hostile toward them anymore
AA: jade is very nice and she did nothing wrong
AA: none of them did so when you wake up maybe you should try to reconcile with them or at the very least just say hello
AA: did i what
AA: well no
AA: but i should have!
AA: i did with you before i left didnt i
AA: shush you!
AA: it is!
AA: ill get you up to speed i promise but guys come on lets not scare away our guest
AA: oh my god shut up!
AA: no jade its ok
AA: please stay! im curious about why you are here
AA: navigating between bubbles is difficult here
AA: its better to drift between them naturally as they intersect
AA: not spatially but through common points in memory
AA: to navigate the furthest ring you need to have mastered the flow of time!
AA: that is why i am here
AA: i am alive again so i may assist the dead in this way
AA: jade tell me
AA: have you seen me here before? i mean me dressed like i am now wearing my godhood
AA: im wearing a hood and have butterfly wings what else would you like to know
AA: yes sollux that would probably be pretty weird
AA: thank you your outfit is quite spiffy too
AA: i like that skirt a lot especially
AA: is
AA: is that a skirt?
AA: shhh!
AA: yes ok
AA: you see those encounters you had with me before have not happened for me yet because ive only just arrived
AA: time follows strange paths here as does space
AA: if you travel a great enough distance you may discover you are also traveling either backwards or forwards in time as well!
AA: just as if you stay in one place for too long the geometry of space surrounding you will become unreliable
AA: you may swat the air to your left and discover you have just slapped yourself!
AA: the only way to make sense of it is to understand either property very well
AA: and since i am new here i have some learning to do just like everyone else
AA: but i do know one thing
AA: i knew that the first bubble i would enter would be an important one for us to visit
AA: hang on
AA: we are moving on to a new memory hold that thought
AA: it is important because it will help us begin to understand why we are all here
AA: no no
AA: not why we are in this bubble now
AA: but why we all exist in the first place and why we all went on this adventure together
AA: there is much to understand and i believe it all begins with one sequence of events
AA: watching will help those whove passed to understand the purpose of their sacrifice and those still living to understand what must be done to complete the journey still ahead
AA: we will let the memories lead the way
AA: are you guys ready?
AA: ok lets allow the next memory to take shape
AA: i believe it is kanayas
AA: i will reprise my role in a conversation i had with her shortly after i discovered the ruins
AA: everybody hide and try not to spoil it for her until she remembers!
AA: hey kanaya
AA: there is s0mething i want t0 give y0u
AA: yes its s0mething very 0dd i f0und when i disc0vered the ruins the 0ther night
AA: i d0nt kn0w what its arche0l0gical significance is yet but i suspect y0u will be able t0 repair it!
AA: 0_0
AA: w0w!
AA: uh i mean
AA: o_o
AA: wow
AA: you figured that out very fast!
AA: oh i am sure you are alive
AA: you are unconscious now and will likely wake up as your new self very soon
AA: yes
AA: you are undergoing a metamorphosis which you have been groomed for since you were very young
AA: much like i was for my various personal iterations including this one
AA: yes!
AA: but it sure sounds silly when you list them all like that
AA: wellllll
AA: that is what we are about to find out!
AA: if you will oblige us by continuing with this memory
AA: why dont we go through this conversation again to the best of our recollection
AA: but i guess rather than acting it out we can just talk about it
AA: the old fashioned way
AA: i have no idea
AA: haha yeah you know what i mean though
AA: yes
AA: i then had sollux deliver the pieces to you so you could stitch it back up
AA: sollux that is your cue!
AA: come out and play the part
AA: no of course not!
AA: obviously the jig is up everyone can come out now
AA: no guys come on this isnt that complicated!
AA: we are just revisiting the past just like we would if we were talking about it
AA: but it just so happens we can watch it happen as we talk about it
AA: and as a matter of fact
AA: this story does involve a role playing game but not in that way!
AA: youre stupid and you sound stupid!
AA: i dont know o_o
AA: but you maaay be waking up soon
AA: maybe not if we hurry this along!
AA: thollux is right
AA: i mean sollux
AA: kanaya tell us what happened next!
AA: yes
AA: not really!
AA: yes
AA: this is only a piece of the story
AA: the other pieces will fall into place with successive memories and it will all become clear
AA: but yes alright i will eliminate some suspense and try to serve as a better guide on this tour through the catacombs of our collective subconscious
AA: the separate tunnels we once traveled in the dark as individuals we now retrace together with a torch
AA: on the walls we illuminate the runes which describe a convoluted origin story
AA: an origin we participated in
AA: we were spurred to these actions by that which was being originated
AA: and incited to acts of revenge as we were turned against each other
AA: no
AA: our manipulator disguised his tracks well
AA: no tavros you can get up
AA: we will leave it soon
AA: but you were doing something very important here
AA: writing a part of the code
AA: an incomplete fragment consisting of four symbols
AA: comprising the first word of a binary refrain
AA: a pair of sounds emerging from the belly of a fabled tyrants menace
AA: but you authored only one sound of the pair
AA: i would write the other
AA: in the soot of my ruined hive i scrawled my part of the code
AA: completing the phrase of legend
AA: the persisting sounds said to accompany the ultimate demise of the tyrant less an arm and an eye
AA: but even these eight characters
AA: the scrawlings of charge
AA: were still but half the code
AA: there was another half by scourge in two parts
AA: one part three symbols
AA: and the other
AA: five
AA: why the scale was tipped in this way between sisters
AA: i cannot say!
AA: each fragment would be transcribed in our rulebooks
AA: sealing the collaboration between rust bloods and blue bloods
AA: completing the code for our sessions architect
AA: oh?
AA: yes we all lost track of our books
AA: they were gathered surreptitiously by agents assigned to the task
AA: and in the veil their codes were merged with the ghost imprints of other mysterious artifacts
AA: our first guardian was brought to life on the seed to pass through skaias final gate of defense
AA: the first to find alternia
AA: hey what are you doing out here!
AA: out of your bubble
AA: i just didnt think you could
AA: i guess you must have a foot on either side
AA: cant say im surprised!
AA: i am waiting for friends to arrive
AA: they will need my help
AA: no theyre alive
AA: first
AA: there will be two humans
AA: they should be joining us any minute
AA: then rest of our party
AA: the survivors
AA: yes
AA: well
AA: they made it
AA: your body will arrive with them
AA: along with the others
AA: hey maybe we can have a funeral!
AA: kind of like
AA: a big corpse party
AA: the humans could probably explain it better than me
AA: you can see the sun?
ARADIA: you see??
ARADIA: i told you they would bring your body
ARADIA: oh!!!
ARADIA: sollux lets do it!
ARADIA: the corpse party!
ARADIA: theres no better time and there are so many corpses here to work with
ARADIA: is everybody ok with that? do you want to have a big corpse party?
ARADIA: we can incinerate the remains in the sun it will be just glorious
ARADIA: rose!
ARADIA: can you please explain to my friends what a human funeral is like?
ARADIA: i couldnt have put it better myself
ARADIA: could you go into more detail?
ARADIA: hmmm that sounds just a tad specific
ARADIA: we may have to adapt the proceedings to be a little more
ARADIA: i dunno
ARADIA: multicultural i guess?
ARADIA: why dont you all do some brainstorming about what kind of funeral to have while i go round up the bodies!
ARADIA: whats the matter?
ARADIA: um
ARADIA: i just thought it would be a nice thing to bond over
ARADIA: am i really that bad?
ARADIA: oh
ARADIA: sorry
ARADIA: i guess ive spent enough time here that i just dont see death as the terrible thing the living make it out to be
ARADIA: i honestly feel like its a reason to celebrate!
ARADIA: death fan girl thing?
ARADIA: what do you mean
ARADIA: you think so?
ARADIA: the sun will never be destroyed karkat
ARADIA: im sorry but you were misinformed!
ARADIA: karkat i dont know if anyone cares about formal ranks like that anymore
ARADIA: or if anyone ever did!
ARADIA: but for what its worth i suggest that from now on you all listen closely to the advice of our human guests
ARADIA: yes!
ARADIA: no need to be so modest dave
ARADIA: tactically speaking a knight of time and a seer of light is a nearly unbeatable combination
ARADIA: yes you are off to an excellent start as a subordinate
ARADIA: keep doing that!
ARADIA: but dave dont worry if you do not have instructions for us
ARADIA: the knight of time is not necessarily the tactician
ARADIA: he is a powerful warrior class which exploits the flow of time as a weapon
ARADIA: rose is the one who must play the role of the strategist
ARADIA: the seer class knows her aspect comprehensively
ARADIA: as a knower of all fortune she can see the circuitous path that will lead to the most favorable outcome for everyone
ARADIA: personally i would defer to her judgment!
ARADIA: this is why you all needed an advanced seer!
ARADIA: i have become familiar with the ways of the fabric out here but even i couldnt chart a journey that long or complex
ARADIA: karkat go back to holding your breath!
ARADIA: this is going to be a wonderful adventure for everyone
ARADIA: im a bit jealous honestly!
ARADIA: or i would be if i wasnt having such a good time with my death fangirl thing :p
ARADIA: no
ARADIA: i still have important work to do here
ARADIA: but that doesnt rule out the possibility we could meet again in bubbles along your journey!
ARADIA: but kanaya you still have important work to finish too!
ARADIA: we cant ignore our duties
ARADIA: our race is extinct remember
ARADIA: and after a few more casualties it is now hanging by a thread
ARADIA: your job was to see to the resurrection of our people
ARADIA: theres always hope though!
ARADIA: you just never know and i dont think you should give up
ARADIA: oh nooo :(
ARADIA: i can help with that!
ARADIA: sollux do you think you can lend me a hand?
ARADIA: theyll need the biggest push we can give them
ARADIA: ok you guys can keep arguing if you like but im going to send you on your way now
ARADIA: then after you leave i should be able to buy you a little more time
ARADIA: when jack comes ill slow him down for a while
ARADIA: it wont be for very long but its the best i can do!
ARADIA: youre welcome!
ARADIA: are you ready sollux?
ARADIA: greetings!
ARADIA: ive been meaning to say hello since you arrived
ARADIA: yes but not the one youre thinking of
ARADIA: i like to consider myself as something of a caretaker for this place
ARADIA: id refer to myself as an excellent host but that has become kind of a loaded phrase
ARADIA: i should hope not!
ARADIA: anyway those of us who are concerned with the preservation of reality have been looking forward to this day for some time
ARADIA: not the devastation so much as your arrival
ARADIA: you have some big plans yes?
ARADIA: oh nothing! i am merely extending the courtesy of a formal welcome
ARADIA: now off with you! go find your friends
ARADIA: that IS why youve finally come out of your palace isnt it?
ARADIA: ta!
ARADIA: lost?
ARADIA: yes thats a dead end
ARADIA: where you want to go is
ARADIA: THAT way
ARADIA: *nk-nkt*
ARADIA: greetings!
ARADIA: ive been meaning to say hello since you arrived
ARADIA: yes but not the one youre thinking of
ARADIA: i like to consider myself as something of a caretaker for this place
ARADIA: id refer to myself as an excellent host but that has become kind of a loaded phrase
ARADIA: i should hope not!
ARADIA: anyway those of us who are concerned with the preservation of reality have been looking forward to this day for some time
ARADIA: not the devastation so much as your arrival
ARADIA: you have some big plans yes?
ARADIA: oh nothing! i am merely extending the courtesy of a formal welcome
ARADIA: now off with you! go find your friends
ARADIA: that IS why youve finally come out of your palace isnt it?
ARADIA: ta!
ARADIA: lost?
ARADIA: yes thats a dead end
ARADIA: where you want to go is
ARADIA: THAT way
ARADIA: *nk-nkt*
Aradia: huh? what is happening here... wait
Aradia: is this a party? oh goodness i think it is OuO
Aradia: this is like a fun costume party for ghosts isnt it! whats the occasion?
Aradia: oh but im not doing any fighting
bot!Aradia: lets annihilate them
bot!Aradia: yes lets. i am in the m00d t0 ruin s0meb0dy
Aradia: sorry sollux my robotic duplicates have always been free agents totally exempt from my influence and better judgement
Aradia: equius do you think you can calm them down?
Aradia: equius weve never talked about it but im not sure how comfortable i am with you um... courting such a great plurality of my mechanical doubles
Aradia: i never should have kissed you that time it was such a mistake :(
bot!Aradia: destr0y
bot!Aradia: kill
bot!Aradia: destr0y
bot!Aradia: death t0 all
bot!Aradia: like what real thing
bot!Aradia: if y0u say like alive aradia i will make y0u BEG f0r a h0rse b0dy
bot!Aradia: 0h 0k
bot!Aradia: this guy with the m0hawk was flirting with me and i was being fully receptive to his advances
ARADIA: hello.
ARADIA: thanks!
ARADIA: yes im alive
ARADIA: (sollux dont make our guest uncomfortable)
ARADIA: really i havent thought about any of that in a long time
ARADIA: ancient conflicts dont mean anything to me anymore but i was more than thrilled by the opportunity to go on another adventure like this
ARADIA: we used to enjoy such campaigns together all the time when we were younger
ARADIA: of course now the teams are a little different :)
ARADIA: ive met most of those nepetas theyre all very nice
ARADIA: yes
ARADIA: ok
ARADIA: :)
ARADIA: about what exactly
ARADIA: you mean searching for the weapon?
ARADIA: i think its a good idea
ARADIA: thats probably the only way to find it
ARADIA: in my experience the specific path you travel out here is very important
ARADIA: if we did not trace that exact path in that amount of time i doubt we ever would have found the right location
ARADIA: in fact it may never have been found by anyone
ARADIA: i couldnt say
ARADIA: its probably necessary
ARADIA: and they would have embarked on this voyage whether i had come along or not
ARADIA: so i might as well join the fun!
ARADIA: isnt that what you did when you saw our ship?
ARADIA: yes but once you found out you continued journeying with us
ARADIA: exactly!
ARADIA: i dont necessarily share their point of view on the meaning of this endeavor though
ARADIA: they consider this to be a great clash between good and evil
ARADIA: but i prefer to look at the coming battle as a matter of housekeeping
ARADIA: in the end all loops must be tidied up
ARADIA: even his
ARADIA: of course i do!
ARADIA: i love all my friends
ARADIA: do i seem cheerful about that
ARADIA: i apologize if that is the way i am behaving
ARADIA: it is not true though
ARADIA: i think i look at death differently than most
ARADIA: and it is fair to say this attitude extends to death after death as well
ARADIA: i have learned to be at ease with the cessation of being in any form it takes
ARADIA: but i am not nor will i ever be the monsters handmaid
ARADIA: so please believe that i would never take joy from the destruction of any soul
ARADIA: however you must realize that it is only by the grace of the horrorterrors that so many have been allowed to continue existing for so long
ARADIA: they have persisted for ages beyond their time just as he has
ARADIA: as such it seems to me his rampage is just another kind of housekeeping
ARADIA: while he rounds the ring undoing the work of the gods we must prepare for his undoing as well
ARADIA: to ready the manor for the lords arrival so to speak :)
ARADIA: i dont like to think of myself in those terms
ARADIA: but i do try to be nice to people!
ARADIA: what i want?
ARADIA: hmmm
ARADIA: thats a pretty good question
ARADIA: i think i mostly want to see what happens when this whole place breaks apart
ARADIA: :(
ARADIA: i understand sollux
ARADIA: yeah :D
ARADIA: :D
ARADIA: :D
ARADIA: :D
ARADIA: sounds like a dare to me
