Now.
No.
Only now.
Your inevitable impatience caused you to contact me again.
Inevitability is my invitation.
I am right to be smug. I am omniscient, extremely powerful, and very charming.
That was clever.
If I plead ignorance to the fact that you are denying my charisma, it invalidates my claim of omniscience.
But if I must adhere to my all knowing status, it forces me to validate the unfortunate reality that you are feigning the opinion that my demeamor is unpalatable.
Not that it matters, because I have all three qualities and you know it.
Yes, I was about to say.
We should hurry this along. My visitor is beginning to set things on fire.
Some guy.
I was joking anyway. I am not in a hurry at all.
Yes.
Haa haa.
Oh, he most definitely is.
Hee hee.
I was joking about being in a hurry.
From my perspective, this conversation is taking place in less than one second.
I type very quickly.
Hoo hoo.
Jokes are only temporary lies.
If the falsehood is never exposed, there is no punchline. If the punchline is never delivered, the lie is sealed forever, regardless of initial humorous intent. Lies are not funny.
My joke was objectively funny. Who would know better than I?
Basically.
No, that would be something closer to a prank.
I don't play pranks very often.
I am allowed to do whatever I want. I choose never to lie. I also choose to tell jokes now and then, and to play pranks quite sparingly.
But I can say that I have never played a prank on you, and no statement I have made to you thus far, or will make in this conversation, will contain any trace of falsehood for the sake of setting up a joke or a prank, with the exception of the joke I just made, and another one I will make very soon.
Oh?
Yes. I knew it.
It was neither. It was the truth.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I'll tell you later.
Because you asked.
Because that piece of information would not fit elegantly into the sequence of our exchange at this moment.
Yes.
Yes. Until, briefly, I don't. But the dark spots never last long. The truth disguises itself to me sometimes which can be mildly frustrating, but it usually reveals itself quickly, much as if a punchline was delivered. It's a humorous dialogue I have with reality, and it is very amusing.
There is no obligation.
It's a pleasure.
I've always had a soft spot for young ladies.
No it's not.
No it's not.
I have looked into the future and determined that we would continue in this manner pointlessly for some time, so I am putting an end to it here.
Yes.
Thank you.
Of course I am not. Not in the way you mean.
And anyway, you are applying standards of conduct frowned upon for your kind which make no sense to apply to me.
I am an immortal entity with a large cue ball for a head, and no biological means of reproduction.
Also, if you were millions of years old, you would find that nearly every lady you encounter is quite young, relatively speaking.
There should be no reason for you to feel uncomfortable with this interaction. Try to think of me as one of your kindly human uncle figures.
In fact, if I were in your presence now, I would offer you candy to prove it.
What?
Yes.
You are situated near the game construct supplied by your session for causing the Scratch, yes?
No.
That was a fact, and then a question mark.
I know.
Yes.
It will always be an edifice of similarly cryptic design, located on the planet that is home to the Hero of Time.
Its environment dictates the nature of its construction. Its power is dangerous, and is meant to be utilized only in emergencies such as yours.
Yes.
No.
Failure is common. But the composition of yours is quite atypical.
Yes, but causing the Scratch is not an easy task either.
The construct must be destroyed in a very specific way to release its energy.
The keeper of my ectobiological father began the process.
It must be finished.
The guardian of the Knight of Time.
Yes.
You don't.
Not you personally. Another will. You have something more important to attend to, remember?
Yes.
Your plan will have to change.
You aren't ready to cause the Scratch yet.
Like I said, it's difficult.
He will have to scratch the surface of the plateau across its full diameter.
You will require a certain needle to create a breach in the surface that will be adequate.
Your needles won't suffice.
Again, you won't. This task is out of your hands.
The needles must be acquired from the denizen of the Witch of Space.
Her quills are very large and potent. They will be able to cause the Scratch.
I didn't lead you to believe anything.
I told you to find the construct and await advisement on the Scratch. The plans you were making were based on assumptions and fabrications of your imagination. You were writing more stories, much like those about your false magical men.
I don't. I find your stories entertaining.
No I'm not.
Besides, the White King agrees with me.
For a Seer, your vision of events surrounding you is rather limited. It's charming.
No.
Oh sure, I am really going to do that. Yes, very likely.
Yes.
Yes, Jack will exit your session later, but this has nothing to do with the Scratch.
Not directly, as you imply.
No.
That is not the purpose of the Scratch at all. The Scratch does not open a rift in spacetime.
No. Not directly.
The Scratch has nothing more to do with my death than any other single event ultimately contributing to my demise.
Lies of omission do not exist.
The concept is a very human one. It is the product of your story writing again. You have written a story about the truth, making emotional demands of it, and in particular, of those in possession of it.
Your demands are based on a feeling of entitlement to the facts, which is very childish. You can never know all of the facts. Only I can.
And since it's impossible for me to reveal all facts to you, it is my discretion alone that decides which facts will be revealed in the finite time we have.
If I do not volunteer information you deem critical to your fate, it possibly means that I am a scoundrel, but it does not mean that I am a liar. And it certainly means you did not ask the right questions.
One can make either true statements or false statements about reality. All of the statements I make are true.
Yes.
Exactly.
Good.
I will make a Seer of you yet.
Yes.
You can start by shoring up the reliability of your sources. You proceeded to question me believing you understood the purpose of the Scratch. You received your information about it from trolls. I assure you that in most ways, the trolls are as confused about everything as you are.
It resets the game.
Yes.
No.
The release of temporal energy will be quite massive.
This is a hard reset. It will reboot the conditions in your universe well before you began playing the game.
You will have lived different lives after the reset. The different initial conditions will ideally lead to a more favorable scenario in the new session.
Unfortunately, you will have no memory of anything that has happened in the session you are in now.
You will all cease to exist completely if you remain here during the Scratch.
Similar, but more severe.
Since this timeline will undergo such a violent upheaval, such a merger of memory cannot happen.
You will be resigned to absolute oblivion.
Unless you can discover a way to preserve yourselves.
But it's not really my place to advise you on that.
After you have dealt with the Scratch and the sun, what happens to you is not any of my business.
I don't particularly enjoy spoiling things for people when unnecessary.
I find speaking in a discreet color helps avoid this.
Because you cannot achieve the ultimate reward in this session.
Your battlefield is cancerous, and the reckoning will destroy it prematurely regardless.
By resetting, you will create a session which can bear the fruit of a new universe, even if you will not be the ones to claim the reward.
Don't you want to fulfill your purpose?
That frames the dual objectives accurately.
But if you are inventive, you may find a way to survive the reset and participate in the renewed session.
It's up to you.
Just as it's up to you to face the decision to claim immortality before you enter your creation.
Yes.
Yes.
What have I said about confirming the reliability of your sources?
No.
It seems you'd like me to do some more fortune telling.
That's a strange question to ask someone who is omniscient and therefore knows outcomes with one hundred percent certainty.
I like it.
You have exactly a fifty percent chance of ascending to the god tier.
I know.
Because, much like the decisions you must face to complete your dual suicide missions, you have two ways of achieving godhood to choose from.
Yes.
Yes. Good guess, Seer.
What difference does it make? You already know where the first one is. You have the choice to go there right now and take your own life.
Of course it is.
Yes.
No.
One will live forever, unless killed.
The death must be either heroic or just.
Broadly, mysteriously, and according to the case of the individual.
One may be killed by opposing a corrupt adversary and die for a just cause, as through martyrdom, for instance. This would be heroic.
Or one may be subject to corruption, and slain by a hero. This would be just.
Neither. I'm not a god.
I'm a guardian, a servant, and a weapon.
I have power and knowledge far surpassing a god.
But I am not one.
Yes.
That's good. Your vision is becoming clearer.
My master can't enter this universe until I am killed.
Such is the nature of the break.
Quite sure.
My master is a very evil man.
I won't tell you his name.
But he goes by the title, Lord English.
You are right about both. It is not admirable, and he is considerably more powerful.
But you must decide which objective is more important.
You may decide to attempt to destroy the sun and end my life. This will neutralize Jack, who is also much more powerful and dangerous than myself by virtue of the ring he wears in addition to drawing energy from the same sun as I. He poses a significant threat to reality.
He's more deadly.
But the danger he poses is sanctioned by paradox space.
It is a known quantity. His very existence in a universe will mean it will inevitably be torn apart.
But there are rules to his entry, and his grim procession through paradox space is rather orderly. The present equilibrium has accounted for him, and will continue to.
Jack however is a loose cannon. He will not stop until he destroys everything he encounters.
Additionally, his existence is your responsibility.
You do.
But also know this.
Refusing to venture out to destroy the sun in no way spares anyone from my master regardless.
It is certainly true that destroying it will end my life.
And it is certainly true that The Tumor you will deliver to its location has enough power to destroy it completely.
But it is not the only way to kill me.
It is simply a way I have suggested to you, which doubles as a way to disarm Jack, should you choose to go through with it.
Instances of myself have spawned in countless universes, and my objective is always the same.
I have never once failed to complete this objective, and I never will.
There is nothing noble about taking a course of action you believe would prevent his arrival, because that is impossible.
He will come.
In fact, he is already here.
Are you asking for another palm reading?
You seem rather keen on acquiring a fortune from me considering you are the one with the crystal ball.
I've been very helpful. And I will continue to be.
I myself do not care to be an oracle. But I can graciously supply you with one.
An eager consort has brought you one of my seeds. It appears you have amassed followers who wish to please you. How fortuitous.
The white orb.
It will accurately answer any question a curious girl can pose.
Provided she can see through the surface to read its reply.
Is it, Seer?
Given your title and all the tools of prognostication at your disposal, it seems to me I should be the one asking you the questions.
It seems you weren't listening, so I will state this again in the form of a question.
Don't you think I should be asking the questions from now on?
Don't you think a clever person should be able to acquire information from someone who only asks questions?
Do you have a choice? What if I'm feeling a bit stubborn?
Was that a question?
How does a Seer see?
How else does she see?
Do you believe in magic?
Are you sure?
What makes you convinced the wands are responsible for your abilities?
Could this be circumstantial?
Is there an echo?
Hee hee?
What did you combine to make those wands?
Knitting needles?
An inexpensive figurine of some fictional fellow with long whiskers?
A simple textbook on the zoologically dubious?
Why would this mundane combination of objects grant a child such an alarming mastery over dark forces all at once?
Maybe?
Yes it was?
Would it be so difficult to believe the power you've found to devastate your planet and create shortcuts through your session is not entirely by your own device?
Would it be so difficult to believe a young lady could be unwittingly apprenticed by more powerful entities who meant her potential to be realized later through some arbitrary trigger?
What would you say if I said a dutiful girl raised in the daylight was protected by a bulb-headed guardian, and learned to glow in the dark after death?
What would you say if I said a vengeful boy on a path of nihilism was taken under the wings of fearsome angels, and learned to destroy hope with their light?
What would you say if I said a reserved girl enamored by what dwelt in shadow was selected by the horrorterrors for service, and did their bidding at every step while convinced of her own autonomy?
Won't you have to give up your specibus to the one who causes the Scratch regardless?
How else will the young man wield that great big needle?
Haven't your friends already shown concern for your recklessness and your increasing sense of detachment from the party, the team objectives, and not to mention those of your personal quest?
Does this worry you? Is there a part of you left that's able to worry?
Do you deny that you have been neglecting incoming messages from your teammates? Would that be in keeping with the spirit of the human emotion of friendship for one whose soul was not so befouled by the designs of unknowable monstrosities?
Isn't it, Rose?
Isn't it?
Can the omniscient be patronized?
Very well. I will stop smothering you with surprise noodles.
But only because I find you to be adorable.
So cute.
I am going to ask the same question I asked earlier.
Please do not regard it as a violation of my pledge. It is just an ordinary question, like those that crop up in an ordinary conversation.
How does a Seer see?
Be literal.
Take the orb.
Ask it a question.
What would you ask me?
Then ask.
Not me.
The ball, dunkass.
Hello ladies.
Proceed.
I will be here.
Watching.
You were discussing Ms. Lalonde's intrepid new variation on suicide.
As one with a passion for the subject, I'm intrigued.
Hee hee.
Jade, as an ambassador of Skaia, maybe you'd be willing to talk some sense into your friend?
You should understand she's been corrupted by various entities with some rather questionable motives.
If only there were a way to make this determination with certainty.
Through a reliable source within reach, for instance, at this exact moment. Perhaps one that is spherical, and devastatingly handsome.
Yes, Rose. Listen to Jade.
She is far less manipulative than I.
Even though at this point neither of you is highlighting my text to read it, this idea gets my vote.
Go ahead.
Ask, Seer.
