GG: hi happy birthday john!!!!! <3
GG: helloooooo??
GG: ok i will talk to you later!!! :D
GG: john did you get my package??
GG: darn! are you sure? it was in a green box..... 
GG: great!!! so what are you up to today?
GG: lol!
GG: whats sburb??
GG: whoa what was that?????
GG: there was a loud noise outside my house!!
GG: it sounded like an explosion!!!!
GG: i will go outside and look....
GG: i will! :)
GG: im back!
GG: i went to investigate the explosion i heard
GG: yes!!!!!
GG: how did you know??
GG: no i am fine!
GG: it landed a pretty good ways from my house and i went to look at it
GG: and its pretty big!
GG: but bec doesnt want me to go near it
GG: so i came home
GG: he seems to think its dangerous!
GG: anyway what have you been up to john?
GG: oh!!!! did you get my package yet? :O
GG: oh no!
GG: thats terrible john! im so sorry!
GG: O_O
GG: well.....
GG: it sounds really crazy and kind of scary but.....
GG: it also sounds kind of exciting!
GG: i dont know john maybe this is your destiny
GG: if anyone can save the world i think it is probably you!
GG: yes!
GG: hahaha
GG: he is so silly!
GG: hi dave!!
GG: not much sup with you!!
GG: bro! hehehe
GG: great! feeling cool today?
GG: mr cool guy?
GG: sooooo cooooooool!!!
GG: :D
GG: so have you talked to john today???
GG: lol
GG: well that doesnt sound like much fun!
GG: :)
GG: i want to tell him happy birthday and ask him about his birthday package!
GG: i think it did!
GG: and i think mine came too
GG: no!!!!!!!
GG: he will not open it
GG: he will lose it!!!
GG: no its good actually!
GG: because he will find it again later when he really needs it
GG: which of course is why i sent it in the first place!
GG: i dont know
GG: i just know that i know!
GG: anyway i have to go!
GG: i have to feed bec which is always a bit of an undertaking
GG: heheheh!
GG: i dont think i could if i tried!!!
GG: ._.
GG: yes i guess an encounter with him is almost certain
GG: it is usually........
GG: intense!!!
GG: yeah he totally is!!!
GG: anyway gotta go!
GG: <3
GG: hi happy birthday rose!!! <3
GG: did you get johns present yet?
GG: yeah i know!!
GG: what will you make with it?
GG: well john did tell me what it was duh.....
GG: oh but rose i dont think he meant anything like that by it!!
GG: you see not everybody always means the opposite of what they say the way you and dave always do
GG: yep!
GG: i finally finished a present for him
GG: ive been working on it for years!!!!
GG: heheheh.... :)
GG: i just mailed it too so it is sure to get there on time
GG: mail takes a while to get anywhere from here!!!
GG: i dont think you really mean that!
GG: err.......
GG: no :(
GG: sorry but you are sort of hard shop for <_<
GG: besides i have something for you today that i think you will like better than some thing in a box!
GG: it is a tip!!!!
GG: did you have a pet a long time ago that died?
GG: ok well how did you feel about your cat, did you love him a lot?
GG: ummmmm ok....
GG: thats fine!!!
GG: it doesnt really matter i think, just.....
GG: what if someone told you you could play a game that would bring him back to life?
GG: yes that someone is me!!!!!!!!
GG: i just thought you might find it interesting
GG: oh i dont know
GG: im just saying is all
GG: i think youll hear about it later and maybe you can talk to john and dave about it
GG: they are way more into all that stuff than i am!!!!
GG: hey!!!!
GG: how is your adventure going john?
GG: thats good!!
GG: hmm well i think whatever it is it must be pretty important!
GG: dont lose hope john i think it will all turn out for the best if you stay positive....
GG: just keep listening to your grandmothers advice!!!
GG: oh uhhh.......
GG: i dont know didnt you???
GG: yeah maybe that was it!!
GG: heheheh :D
GG: oh well john
GG: i want to explain lots of things to you....
GG: some things that i know
GG: im just......
GG: waiting!
GG: oh! john!!!
GG: i forgot i was messaging you about that meteor that fell near my house!
GG: oh boy.... well........
GG: it turns out i was confused about it...
GG: really confused! o_o;
GG: see i guess i fell asleep for a while and.....
GG: lost track of time
GG: that happens!!
GG: well.....
GG: its hard to explain!!!
GG: but...
GG: i know what it is now!
GG: and now i know everythings going to be ok!!!
GG: oh gosh john i really want to tell you all this stuff!!!
GG: but i cant yet
GG: i really think you need to wake up first!
GG: well ok not literally
GG: well ok maybe KINDA literally!!
GG: lol :)
GG: anyway time for you to go john
GG: i think you have some company!!!
GG: <3
GG: hi dave!!
GG: not much sup with you!!
GG: bro! hehehe
GG: great! feeling cool today?
GG: mr cool guy?
GG: sooooo cooooooool!!!
GG: :D
GG: so have you talked to john today???
GG: lol
GG: well that doesnt sound like much fun!
GG: :)
GG: i want to tell him happy birthday and ask him about his birthday package!
GG: i think it did!
GG: and i think mine came too
GG: no!!!!!!!
GG: he will not open it
GG: he will lose it!!!
GG: no its good actually!
GG: because he will find it again later when he really needs it
GG: which of course is why i sent it in the first place!
GG: i dont know
GG: i just know that i know!
GG: anyway i have to go!
GG: i have to feed bec which is always a bit of an undertaking
GG: heheheh!
GG: i dont think i could if i tried!!!
GG: ._.
GG: yes i guess an encounter with him is almost certain
GG: it is usually........
GG: intense!!!
GG: yeah he totally is!!!
GG: anyway gotta go!
GG: <3
GG: hahaha yes ok but we cant talk for long!!!
GG: well yes i do but its just that you will lose your internet connection soon!!!!!
GG: and we wont talk again for a pretty long time
GG: not until you enter!
GG: yeah!
GG: lol what did you want to know?
GG: there sure are a lot of challenges but yes i am sure!!
GG: dave is cool, you know he will come around when the time is right
GG: he just has a lot of work to do first
GG: and so do you! 
GG: youll need to keep searching for a stable signal and power source, it will be hard but dont give up!!!
GG: and dont worry about me either, focus on playing with john first
GG: it all starts with you two!
GG: haha dark? thats ridiculous!
GG: i dont really know what to tell you other than its not going to be what you think it is
GG: and most importantly you will have your questions answered, but they will be the ones you havent thought to ask yet!
GG: just be patient and be brave youll see
GG: it will be fun!!!!!!
GG: uh oh looks like youve got to go
GG: take care rose! <3<3<3
GG: oh nooooooo
GG: >:O
GG: you can leave me alone!!!!!
GG: how can you even be talking to me after i blocked you....
GG: AND after i logged out????
GG: i get that youre a jerk and you should shut up!
GG: goodbye you jerk!!!!!!!!!
GG: yay thank you john!!!!! :D
GG: heheh i know but it is nice of you to think of us all like that!
GG: im sure it is great, i cant wait either!!!!!
GG: it might take a while to get here from there but it will be worth the wait!
GG: john thats ok really! im sure will get to me exactly when it needs to and it will be a nice surprise when it does!
GG: <3......
GG: uhhhh hold on
GG: ok im back sorry
GG: i had to tell someone to go away!
GG: yup :o
GG: ive never had any sort of feeling about them or what they want which is kind of weird!!!
GG: but it seems to me like they are probably all different people and not one guy
GG: i have counted twelve
GG: some people just like to needle others for some reason john
GG: it is like a game i guess. they are like pranksters!!
GG: but i think they are mostly harmless
GG: every so often they manage to get through my block filter and hassle me. its been going on for years! actually some of them are kind of funny i think hehe
GG: john did you get my package??
GG: darn! are you sure? it was in a green box..... 
GG: great!!! so what are you up to today?
GG: lol!
GG: whats sburb??
GG: whoa what was that?????
GG: there was a loud noise outside my house!!
GG: it sounded like an explosion!!!!
GG: i will go outside and look....
GG: i will! :)
GG: im back!
GG: i went to investigate the explosion i heard
GG: yes!!!!!
GG: how did you know??
GG: no i am fine!
GG: it landed a pretty good ways from my house and i went to look at it
GG: and its pretty big!
GG: but bec doesnt want me to go near it
GG: so i came home
GG: he seems to think its dangerous!
GG: anyway what have you been up to john?
GG: oh!!!! did you get my package yet? :O
GG: oh no!
GG: thats terrible john! im so sorry!
GG: O_O
GG: well.....
GG: it sounds really crazy and kind of scary but.....
GG: it also sounds kind of exciting!
GG: i dont know john maybe this is your destiny
GG: if anyone can save the world i think it is probably you!
GG: yes!
GG: hahaha
GG: he is so silly!
GG: hey!!!!
GG: how is your adventure going john?
GG: thats good!!
GG: hmm well i think whatever it is it must be pretty important!
GG: dont lose hope john i think it will all turn out for the best if you stay positive....
GG: just keep listening to your grandmothers advice!!!
GG: oh uhhh.......
GG: i dont know didnt you???
GG: yeah maybe that was it!!
GG: heheheh :D
GG: oh well john
GG: i want to explain lots of things to you....
GG: some things that i know
GG: im just......
GG: waiting!
GG: oh! john!!!
GG: i forgot i was messaging you about that meteor that fell near my house!
GG: oh boy.... well........
GG: it turns out i was confused about it...
GG: really confused! o_o;
GG: see i guess i fell asleep for a while and.....
GG: lost track of time
GG: that happens!!
GG: well.....
GG: its hard to explain!!!
GG: but...
GG: i know what it is now!
GG: and now i know everythings going to be ok!!!
GG: oh gosh john i really want to tell you all this stuff!!!
GG: but i cant yet
GG: i really think you need to wake up first!
GG: well ok not literally
GG: well ok maybe KINDA literally!!
GG: lol :)
GG: anyway time for you to go john
GG: i think you have some company!!!
GG: <3
GG: john hi!!!!!
GG: are you on the ground below the clouds yet?
GG: no i havent talked to her yet but id like to soon
GG: ive got a lot of catching up to do with all of you!
GG: sorry ive been so scarce ive just been so busy running around like crazy and looking after my dog and stuff all day!!!!
GG: i think he just locked me in my room actually :\
GG: yeah
GG: :D
GG: hey john can you hold on i have to talk to dave and start playing this game with him
GG: sburb!!!! duh what else!
GG: oh jeez i was asleep when i said that silly!
GG: of course i know what it is
GG: from the ruins
GG: its daves copy
GG: i know right! hehehe
GG: oh!!!!
GG: that reminds me since im setting the game up with dave to be his server you are going to need to do the same thing for me
GG: can you see from where youre standing the place your dads car would have fallen?
GG: you should go there and get your copy of the server and set up with me.....
GG: oh and also get your package!!!!!! :)
GG: johhhhn will you stop trying to trap me!!!
GG: you TOLD me the car fell remember?
GG: jeeeez
GG: JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEZ!!!!! 
GG: john im not any more psychic than you though
GG: hahahaha oops ok!
GG: i mean i know lots of things but im really serious its no more information than what you have access to 
GG: but you dont know it yet
GG: anyway we can talk more about it soon.....
GG: i wont have to be so coy with you anymore because im pretty sure most of the stuff that was supposed to happen has already happened
GG: i couldnt tell you about it because it would have messed it up!
GG: just give me a few minutes while i set up this game!
GG: and say hi to the salamanders for me
GG: <3
GG: yo yooooooo!!!!!!!
GG: so youre finally playing the game with rose?
GG: shes probably just exploring im sure she will come around soon....
GG: but its great that you got her out of there in time!!!
GG: so how does it feel to be a BIG TIME HERO
GG: mister braveybrave mcheropants
GG: hehehe 
GG: but it turns out to be CRAZY what kind of basket ball this man plays!
GG: ummmm......
GG: the HOOP IS ON FIRE...
GG: ok i forget how it goes
GG: yes!!!!!!
GG: so now it is my turn to be the star!
GG: i will be your hero
GG: its me
GG: i installed the game!
GG: im connecting to you as the server player
GG: dont worry!
GG: you can keep playing with rose while i just set up a few things
GG: i figured id get a good head start to avoid all the drama you guys are always getting into 
GG: such a bunch of drama queens!!!
GG: (DRAMA DRAMA DRAMA)
GG: yes!
GG: itll come when it comes regardless of what we do
GG: the timer really just lets you know when its coming
GG: yes look here it is!
GG: http://bit.ly/d7kXrQ
GG: it is REALLY REALLY big
GG: ok i dont actually know :(
GG: hehe yeah....
GG: thanks i will! <3
GG: these darn birds are in the way!
GG: what are they doing in your apartment anyway!!!
GG: also they are adorable
GG: ohhhhhhh
GG: kind of like all those silly naked puppets are your bros thing?
GG: also i think i cant put it down because of the wires on the floor.....
GG: i wish i played more games
GG: this is hard!!!!
GG: :P
GG: oh fuck!!!!!!
GG: hi dave!!!!
GG: hehehe what??
GG: 4 hours until what?
GG: ummm....
GG: i................
GG: i think i might be!
GG: im not panicking i feel fine!
GG: <_<;
GG: i wont look ok jeez!!!!!
GG: stop being a huge baby and go peeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!
GG: oh nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
GG: :(
GG: dave
GG: :(
GG: dave this poor bird
GG: the one with the sword through it!!!
GG: but isnt this your sword?
GG: :|
GG: all i know is........
GG: its sharp and its through a bird and its a sword
GG: end of story!!!!!!
GG: i am going to help the poor bird
GG: what do you mean i just brought the cute birdie back to life!!!
GG: isnt he great?
GG: gosh im SOOOO SOOOORRY!!!!!!!!
GG: i was tired!
GG: well you are out of luck.....
GG: i will wake up when im good and ready!
GG: yes why
GG: ummmmmm....
GG: the right side...
GG: why??
GG: okaaay......
GG: ...
GG: duuurrrrr dave i was going to build some stairs up there durrrrrhhhhhh
GG: gosh i dont know i guess i didnt find the time to make them because i keep getting punched in the face by robots and stuff!!!!!!!
GG: ;p
GG: i dont know!
GG: nope....
GG: what was it doing up here?
GG: i think your sprite wants to hatch it!
GG: awww
GG: hmm...
GG: i dont know it looks like its pretty warm where you are
GG: maybe not too long then????
GG: i guess we'll find out!
GG: :(
GG: ok some of these things we can deploy but some things we dont have nearly enough grist for!
GG: no no weve got enough for that.....
GG: but its still pretty expensive
GG: yeah me too!
GG: and we have 2000 to work with
GG: ok 1998 ._.
GG: ohhh...
GG: how much did rose start with? when she was playing with john?
GG: k
GG: i guess we keep getting more with each server/client connection!
GG: no!!!!
GG: i cant buy the holopad thingy and the intellibeam laserstation
GG: hahahaha no theyre right here!
GG: they cost a fortune
GG: yeah ive got that too!
GG: i will deploy it
GG: yes i think that is how it works
GG: when john connects with me he will probably get some cool new things too!
GG: i suppose just hang on to them for a while........
GG: and then later
GG: just do whatever you are naturally compelled to do with them!
GG: yay thank you john!!!!! :D
GG: heheh i know but it is nice of you to think of us all like that!
GG: im sure it is great, i cant wait either!!!!!
GG: it might take a while to get here from there but it will be worth the wait!
GG: john thats ok really! im sure will get to me exactly when it needs to and it will be a nice surprise when it does!
GG: <3......
GG: uhhhh hold on
GG: what do you want?????
GG: this is nonsense
GG: every time i believe something you say you laugh at me and call me a gullible human!!!!
GG: its so childish
GG: D:
GG: i dont know what youre talking about at all.....
GG: its another prank
GG: no
GG: you mean the robot you think is stupid?
GG: the one youve mocked me for having on a number of occasions???
GG: this is the worst prank youve ever pulled!!!!!!
GG: why should i do that?
GG: ok im back sorry
GG: i had to tell someone to go away!
GG: yup :o
GG: ive never had any sort of feeling about them or what they want which is kind of weird!!!
GG: but it seems to me like they are probably all different people and not one guy
GG: i have counted twelve
GG: some people just like to needle others for some reason john
GG: it is like a game i guess. they are like pranksters!!
GG: but i think they are mostly harmless
GG: every so often they manage to get through my block filter and hassle me. its been going on for years! actually some of them are kind of funny i think hehe
GG: dave here punch this code!
GG: L229BxoG
GG: and then put it in the jumper shunty thing and see what it does
GG: well i think this is only one way to consolidate all the gizmo features....
GG: hang on ill give you more codes!!!
GG: hehehe......
GG: yeah i bet hes right!
GG: wow no i dont think so...
GG: hes being a bit more literal than that!
GG: what did he say?
GG: :)
GG: well what he meant was.....
GG: that you have a dream self
GG: who is supposed to wake up whenever your real self goes to sleep
GG: we all do! all four of us i mean
GG: but see your dream self still stays asleep when you go to sleep
GG: because you havent woken up yet!
GG: yes
GG: no you would not be out of line!
GG: in fact im asleep now
GG: :p
GG: no only i can do that!
GG: because of my robot
GG: you guys can probably make your own i guess......
GG: but you need to wake up first for it to matter and maybe by the time that happens you might not even need them!!!
GG: um.......
GG: ok well i dont really know how to answer the second part but yeah shes dreaming!
GG: shes most likely lying in your bed troubled and restless
GG: about things burdening her
GG: which is to say you!!!!!
GG: things about who you really are and what your purpose is
GG: but you cant start figuring those things out yet because youre not awake because youre not ready yet
GG: thats why you have such terrible dreams all the time rose!
GG: im sure it would help to start piecing together the clues to nudge your subconscious
GG: or maybe face some things you havent faced yet?
GG: i dunno! its for you to find out
GG: maybe the stuff you wrote on your walls can give you a clue?
GG: the....
GG: er
GG: didnt dave tell you?
GG: ._.
GG: he said he was going to tell you <_<;
GG: yeah hes pretty tied up right now!
GG: noooooooooooooooooooo
GG: he made me promise not to bug him while im asleep!
GG: but he will find a way to be clever and make me punch myself in the face again :(
GG: yeah hes pretty tied up right now!
GG: noooooooooooooooooooo
GG: he made me promise not to bug him while im asleep!
GG: but he will find a way to be clever and make me punch myself in the face again :(
GG: ummmmmm.....
GG: oh! yes it appears so!!!
GG: i guess! ive been pretty busy here
GG: ive had to stay asleep for a long time because john is supposed to wake up soon
GG: but he just wont wake up!!!!!
GG: im pretty sure im supposed to be the one to wake him but i dont know what to do :(
GG: huh??
GG: oh......
GG: well thanks for trying anyway!
GG: i hope so!
GG: what am i doing when i wake up?
GG: oh no!!!!!
GG: yes i know what you mean....
GG: that sounds like it would be fun!
GG: but you guys never even played pranks on me, you were always just kinda mean D:
GG: well i know i havent trolled you guys!
GG: or not yet.........
GG: heheheh
GG: oh yeah!
GG: i totally forgot about that
GG: does it really blow up or was that another trick?
GG: hmmmmm
GG: you could ask me in the future!
GG: is he not a nice guy?
GG: hmmm....
GG: well maybe hes just been through some tough times
GG: maybe we should give him the benefit of the doubt?
GG: for whatever its worth i think youre a pretty nice guy too!
GG: also you seem to be the only one who ever thinks to talk to me while im asleep!
GG: why is that?
GG: oh no!!!
GG: dream selves can die?
GG: i never knew that
GG: or even thought about it....
GG: i guess it makes sense though
GG: what!!!!!
GG: see what!
GG: go away
GG: bluhhh what are you talking about....
GG: my head hurts
GG: just stop it, stop trolling me
GG: i hate you all!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GG: about what!
GG: i dont remember talking to you at all
GG: my dream was horrible!!!
GG: i dont know what that was, i have never dreamed anything like it
GG: oh god....
GG: prospit :(
GG: is it really gone?
GG: uuuuuuuuugh D:
GG: oh......
GG: that was you?
GG: argh
GG: sorry but
GG: could you please
GG: not use all those stupid parentheses??????
GG: i can hardly read what you type and its giving me a migraine
GG: what about the -E thing, can you stop that too? it is also annoying and stupid
GG: meh :\
GG: hehehe
GG: ok, sorry for sounding bossy
GG: you seem pretty nice, and you sure do look exotic
GG: i kind of always thought you were all like
GG: a bunch of really obnoxious humans
GG: hey feferi, i would like to remember......
GG: but everything is so foggy right now
GG: i remember prospit being attacked
GG: and
GG: falling.....
GG: aaaand
GG: i dunno :(
GG: do you know what happened?
GG: fffffff
GG: yeah, i gathered that! XC
GG: ohhhhhhh!!!!!
GG: i do remember you!
GG: i remember you were talking to me about my lusus, and i had no idea what you were talking about
GG: and still sort of dont :\
GG: but you must mean bec
GG: also it was shortly before your friend sent me a weird message
GG: about how my robot was going to explode, and i should talk to him when it happens
GG: this was months ago
GG: it was the most awful and angry one
GG: i am so sick of him, i really dont want to talk to that pathetic jerk ever
GG: thats his name?
GG: hmmmm
GG: thats right, it was about some kind of plan...
GG: which he said me from the future told him about?
GG: i thought it was total nonsense at the time
GG: but
GG: i guess he was telling the truth
GG: so maybe i should talk to him? i dont know
GG: ewwwww
GG: ewwwwwwwwwwww!
GG: fish aliens are weird
GG: ok feferi, it was nice talking to you
GG: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GG: i am never going to sleep again!
GG: never never never never never never
GG: yes, im so tired
GG: :(
GG: well, ok
GG: bye
GG: ok, my robot exploded
GG: now what smart guy!
GG: i knew i would regret this
GG: talking to you is so terrible
GG: its making my headache worse
GG: uuuugh shut uuuuup!
GG: will you just tell me what you wanted?
GG: i cant believe i fell for this
GG: it was just a setup to troll me some more
GG: why do you go to such lengths to troll me? i just dont understand it
GG: thats ridiculous, humanning isnt a word
GG: and if it was, it would be a nicer thing to do than trolling!
GG: you know what i mean, stop pretending you dont
GG: aaaaaaa that is something a troll would say!
GG: i mean you are being patronizing and disingenuous to get a rise out of me
GG: and that is really really shitty!!!!!!
GG: i am so tired of it, and i am done talking to you forever
GG: bye karkat, it was awful knowing you!
GG: yes
GG: as if my day needed another reason to get worse
GG: what does that mean!
GG: is this another prank
GG: you are seriously the worst at pranks
GG: :|
GG: john are you there???
GG: yes!
GG: im so relieved to talk to you and hear youre ok
GG: i mean.......
GG: are you ok john? your dream self i mean
GG: :(
GG: yes, but that was not prospit. that was its moon which was severed by the crazy derse agent
GG: i dunno!
GG: really?? :D
GG: <3
GG: i dont know! i did not give him one after applying the upgrades
GG: i gave her a girls name when i was very young, but now she is a different bunny, and also a boy i guess?
GG: its up to you john, he is your bunny
GG: hahahaha
GG: again?
GG: you were at roses house??
GG: what!!!!
GG: ugh he is so weird
GG: you shouldnt listen to him!
GG: D:
GG: he is angry and a huge pain in the ass
GG: have you ever talked to two of him at once????
GG: dont ever do it! you will get a headache
GG: noooooooo, think again
GG: ????
GG: :|
GG: you mean from armageddon?
GG: john that is so stupid
GG: but also kind of cute i guess
GG: ok then the bunny will be named after your silly movie star fantasy crush
GG: yeah......
GG: that reminds me john
GG: have you looked in the lab yet?
GG: the big room in the sphere at the top of the tower
GG: could you do me a favor and not look in there?
GG: its nothing that secret or personal or anything....
GG: it is just something kind of sad and weird for you to see
GG: it is my dead dream self
GG: it has been there for years, i always knew i would die but i did not realize it would go like this....
GG: what?
GG: oh no!!!!!
GG: im sorry john :(
GG: i understand
GG: ummmmmmm
GG: i think i would rather not talk about that either
GG: you did????
GG: oh nooooooo
GG: john that ring is really important, it belongs to the white queen!
GG: when you go to sleep again, you should try to find it and keep it safe!
GG: yes i have seen it, it is so huge ._.
GG: how much time do you suppose we have?
GG: hmmmm i wonder what the significance of that number is
GG: but they usually do!
GG: yes, youre right
GG: i dont know...
GG: there are so many possibilities
GG: hmmmmmm!
GG: yes, it sure seems that way
GG: well
GG: maybe you will get that chance john
GG: yes, as a matter of fact i am sure we will both get that chance!
GG: i once dreamt that we would
GG: sure, why not!
GG: that is what i believe this game is for in part
GG: you got to bring back your nanna, rose brought back her cat, i can bring back grandpa, and dave...
GG: dave got to bring back a dead bird because of course he is too cool to have any dead family members
GG: wait, he did????
GG: that is
GG: soooo cooooool :O
GG: i almost completely forgot i was his server player!!!!!
GG: i hope hes not in trouble, i should check on him
GG: we probably have so much to catch up on
GG: i dont see him in his house either :(
GG: oh, ok...
GG: jeez, i feel so out of the loop :(
GG: yes! ok here i go
GG: what!
GG: augh, nooooooooooooooo
GG: oh god, dont get me started :|
GG: he was a strange and silly man
GG: hmmmmmmm, perhaps
GG: is that allowed?
GG: yes, thats a good idea
GG: it is some sort of terrible creature my grandpa hunted
GG: he called it the typheus minion
GG: i always hated it!
GG: i guess so
GG: it is probably a coincidence though
GG: yeah maybe.....
GG: i guess it would make sense for someone to name a really awful web browser after such a hideous monster
GG: well sorry, i just found it sort of a weird and creepy thing to grow up with!
GG: :p!!!!!!
GG: joooohhhhhn, it is so crappy
GG: YEAH RIGHT
GG: now is obviously not the best time to have the argument about whose browser is better....
GG: but really john you should upgrade to echidna, its so much nicer
GG: after you upgrade your clunky old computer of course :P
GG: maybe when i am in the game, i can give you one of mine!
GG: oh???
GG: :O
GG: omg
GG: john that is incredible
GG: i cant wait to make stuff like that!!!!!!
GG: except...
GG: all my awesome stuff exploded with my room :(
GG: yay!!!
GG: what is the problem!!!!
GG: yes
GG: nice!
GG: how much time?
GG: D:
GG: john, try to be more careful!
GG: um.....
GG: what?
GG: dave!
GG: are you busy?
GG: i dont have much time!
GG: i am about to make my entry item, and its a little confusing
GG: i think the more players we add, the trickier they are to... um......
GG: activate!
GG: like yours was
GG: i figured we could brainstorm about it, while john fusses with the kernel
GG: helloooooo?
GG: :o
GG: :\
GG: whaaat....?
GG: dammit dave!!!!!!
GG: this is really urgent!
GG: ._.
GG: oh.............
GG: noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
GG: but youre a troll
GG: and thats what trolls do!
GG: even when they say they wont
GG: sometimes especially!!!!!!
GG: ok.....
GG: even though i still have no idea what youre talking about
GG: whats a lusus!!!!!
GG: :\
GG: ok feferi. what is it?
GG: i dont understand
GG: whats a dream bubble?
GG: ugh
GG: feferi i thought you said you were going to stop using your typing quirk!
GG: i dont know... im sure i remember you said that
GG: oh
GG: yeah it is
GG: i dont know what i was thinking....
GG: i just had a major case of deja vu!
GG: i felt like we already had this conversation
GG: actually
GG: it still sort of feels that way
GG: its not going away :o
GG: ummm
GG: what do you mean i never explained it to you?
GG: if this really is the first time we talked, why would i have?
GG: XO
GG: feferi that one was a stretch even by your fish punnery standards
GG: aaah why do i know that you like to make fish puns???
GG: actually
GG: i do remember this conversation
GG: it was in the past!
GG: but if it was in the past, then where am i now?
GG: so what is going on?
GG: i dont think i am asleep....
GG: i am not on prospit
GG: oh...
GG: vaguely
GG: so this is a dream?
GG: sorry
GG: i think
GG: i am in the game now, right?
GG: um
GG: why are you here!
GG: are you asleep too?
GG: oh yeah
GG: i do remember that
GG: then why are you here now?
JADE: thanks bec, good boy!
JADE: soooooo...
JADE: can you talk now?
JADE: what do you have to say?
JADE: what happened in here?
JADE: where is everything? all the globes and houseguests...
JADE: and the cruxtruder???
JADE: and grandpa???????????
JADE: bec, what did you do!
JADE: has someone been a bad dog??
JADE: wait never mind, please dont answer that!!!!
JADE: @_@
GG: hey!!!!!
GG: last time i talked to you i was asking for help and you were just nakking at me
GG: what was up with that bro???
GG: you did?
GG: ohhhhhhh
GG: yes, i did get around during that battle didnt i?
GG: it was really intense!!!
GG: those stupid things are impossible to kill :(
GG: in the heat of the fray i didnt notice you!
GG: where were you?
GG: yeah im fine, thanks for asking!
GG: what do you mean you remember seeing me?
GG: was i jumping through time or something?
GG: youre from the future?
GG: :p
GG: john told me you have been doing some time traveling
GG: that is.....
GG: really really awesome!
GG: i knoooooow
GG: it is a really neat place but its freeeeezing :o
GG: wait!
GG: dave!!
GG: uuugh stupid lousy cool dudes
GG: an hour?
GG: :O
GG: i can not believe how cool that is
GG: this is me believing neither that, nor its coolness :O
GG: hmmmm...
GG: i dont know if i get that but ok!
GG: i will?
GG: ok........
GG: but anyway youre right, its coooold!!!!!!
GG: i have to go back inside
GG: i wish i had winter clothes
GG: and if i did, i ALSO wish that my wardrobifier didnt blow up with all of my beautiful clothes inside it :C
GG: im so horribly unprepared for this.... i have never even seen snow before, can you believe that!!!
GG: derp yes dave that is so where i lived
GG: that is as biographically accurate as it gets about me!
GG: no???
GG: isnt it great?????
GG: lava is NOT better than snow :|
GG: you cant play in lava, its no fun
GG: you can only die in lava
GG: eww dave no
GG: no this is so lame
GG: i am hearing an insane and stupid guy say stupid idiot things while wearing dumb sunglasses for lame morons!
GG: heheheh
GG: why dont we play in the snow later
GG: as soon as you get some....................................
GG: ..............................
GG: ...................
GG: ..........
GG: ...............
GG: .......
GG: ....
GG: ...
GG: ..
GG: .
GG: time 8)
GG: i know youre joking around, you are not too cool at all, you dont even think that
GG: brrrrrr
GG: i forgot :\
GG: i cant!!!
GG: all that stuff blew up
GG: its a long story that involves a pinata and a gun and a very naughty doggie
GG: so anyway, that reminds me ive got to talk to john!
GG: ive got to get him to make me some new gizmos...
GG: assuming thats even possible
GG: john has magic cyclone powers?
GG: whoa....
GG: you guys are all so much better than me, i feel sooooo lame
GG: heehee
GG: maaaybe
GG: :)
GG: oh no
GG: did he lose it in a magic cyclone?
GG: we do?
GG: doing what??
GG: yes
GG: oh jeez, a few hours????
GG: fastest hours :o
GG: but that costs so much grist!!!
GG: omg...
GG: what does this thing do?
GG: on the back of cards?
GG: but
GG: we can already read those!
GG: hmm
GG: but isnt the whole point of captchas that only humans can read them?
GG: and not robots???
GG: anti spam?
GG: yeah obviously!
GG: oh nooo
GG: whats the good news?
GG: dave i still dont know what youre actually doing here
GG: oh....
GG: to give it to john?
GG: but...
GG: you are already roses server player!
GG: and john is mine!
GG: not to mention im yours!!!
GG: can you really be a server player to your own server player?
GG: but i guess
GG: i thought that john sort of.....
GG: HAD to be my server? you know?
GG: well youre from the future right?
GG: dont you know already if itll work?
GG: pretty smooth dave
GG: shades for everybody
GG: 8) 8)
GG: so you will be the server for BOTH us ladies???
GG: you just keep getting smoother, i cant handle all this smoothness
GG: ohh...
GG: i guess that makes sense
GG: ok i think i understand that!
GG: yessss thanks dave <3
GG: um
GG: what do you mean rose will check out? :\
GG: uhhhh ok
GG: it does doesnt it
GG: how long?
GG: ok thats not THAT long :p
GG: yaaaaaaaaaaaay!
GG: oh hi!
GG: i remember you, you talked to me a lot in my dreams
GG: yup!
GG: thats because my dream self died
GG: pretty catastrophically!
GG: thanks, but i think im ok
GG: i felt pretty shaken up at first though
GG: yeah i have done a lot of sleeping myself :)
GG: wow why did you sleep so much???
GG: oh no what happened that was so terrible?
GG: ok sorry for prying!
GG: what did you want to talk about?
GG: permission for what?
GG: with bec?
GG: uh....
GG: what do you mean by commune?
GG: and
GG: what do you mean the first time!
GG: you did it before?
GG: ohhh
GG: like a psychic power??
GG: pretty sweet!
GG: when did you do it before?
GG: hehe what?
GG: omg......
GG: that wasnt a senior interloper, im pretty sure youre talking about my grandpa!!!
GG: and if im interpreting correctly....
GG: youre saying you used bec to make me shoot him???
GG: augh thats so awful!
GG: oh boy
GG: ok it is basically an old man, who serves the same role as i guess a lusus does on your planet?
GG: he was like my dad, he took care of me!
GG: sigh...
GG: well im not blaming you or anything
GG: it sounds like you were just trying to help
GG: and you did save my life
GG: but......
GG: i mean jeeeez
GG: talk about a misunderstanding
GG: uh
GG: sure?
GG: .... it is?
GG: oh nooo
GG: how did that happen?
GG: :|
GG: ummm what kind of device?
GG: oh you mean a wheelchair!
GG: how...
GG: did that happen?
GG: D:
GG: im so sorry
GG: um also
GG: i didnt realize you were paralyzed
GG: not that im saying sorry for that! that would be rude i think
GG: i am just saying sorry for your loss
GG: oh?
GG: wow nice!
GG: um
GG: that.....
GG: i dont know if i agree with that!
GG: well
GG: thats good i guess
GG: i just wish...
GG: maybe you'd told me what happened when i was younger?
GG: i spent years wondering about it!
GG: when i was REALLY young, i was sure the doll sitting across from him did it
GG: and for a long time i was terrified of the evil blue girl!!!
GG: she sort of haunted my childhood and i had trouble sleeping for a long time
GG: but of course i got older and realized that was silly, but then i just speculated that maybe it was suicide
GG: which was just a really sad thing to think about!!!
GG: buuuut...
GG: even if you do, i dont remember you doing so!
GG: er
GG: ok :\
GG: .......
GG: woooooow...
GG: you sound really confused to me!
GG: heheheh
GG: youre incredibly silly
GG: i cant really tell to what extent youre joking around here!
GG: rufio?
GG: what do you mean fake?
GG: ohh like an imaginary friend....
GG: heh, ok
GG: that
GG: sure is a philosophy you have there!
GG: oh??
GG: well, what is it?
GG: yes
GG: sure!
GG: red feelings?
GG: you mean
GG: whoooooaaaaaa
GG: wait
GG: really? :o
GG: um.................
GG: well
GG: i dont think i can reciprocate!
GG: i mean
GG: youre nice
GG: but i dont really know you...
GG: i dont even know your name!
GG: ok tavros
GG: i dont know if youve fully thought about this!
GG: you dont actually know me very well either
GG: well no
GG: i was being nice
GG: because
GG: i like to be nice to people when i can, and when they are nice to me
GG: but......
GG: things are a little more complicated than that, you cant know someone just by a few conversations!
GG: i mean, i only talked to you when i was asleep! i am kind of different when im dreaming...
GG: i forget things, and at times im not totally sure whats real
GG: dont you remember thats what its like to dream on prospit?
GG: sorry, i feel bad about having to disappoint you...
GG: but i dont know what else to say
GG: jeeeeeez, um...
GG: tavros i am really flattered you like me and all
GG: and that sure is confident of you to say so! and thats great buuuut...
GG: i guess confidence is one thing but there is such a thing as being toooo forward i guess?
GG: i aaaalso think...
GG: and really this is just polite friendly advice!
GG: that if youre really confident you dont always have to say it all the time
GG: it...
GG: oh man im sorry to say
GG: it just comes of as a little insecure and off putting and kind of defeats the purpose!
GG: and all things considered i think we should just stay friends
GG: or really........
GG: continue building a friendship in the first place, since like i said we dont actually know each other that well!
GG: sorry :C
GG: aaaah no! you should have self respect
GG: just...
GG: oh boy this is frustrating
GG: can we talk about this later?
GG: i have some things to do!
GG: why dont we get back to the original point
GG: why do you want to commune with bec again?
GG: uh-ohhh
GG: what is your idea this time?
GG: wow, i dunno about that!
GG: but hes my best friend!!!
GG: and you have already managed to get one of my family members killed
GG: but all of our adversaries have inherited his powers!
GG: i would imagine the strongest guy would have all of his powers, and then some!!!
GG: i am really not comfortable with this
GG: you said you are asking me permission first and i appreciate that
GG: but if you are asking im afraid my answer is no!
GG: what?
GG: no way!
GG: that would be smug and arrogant and would make you a bully!!!
GG: later if my friends and i want to ask bec for help and decide thats our best hope, then thats our business
GG: until then, just please stop meddling!!!!!!
GG: nooooooooo dont dont dont dont dont
GG: im serious
GG: uuuuggghh i think my headache is coming back
GG: no...
GG: its fine
GG: i just really dont want you to do that ok?
GG: i have to go now
GG: bye tavros
GG: it is the prettiest tree i have ever seen!!!!!
GG: ok great!
GG: everything about that makes total sense
GG: ok
GG: is this conksucky enough
GG: <3
GG: well...
GG: i am not even sure if i am technically a u.s. citizen!
GG: which one were you again?
GG: wait
GG: werent you the guy who was always trying to hit on me??
GG: uh...
GG: but
GG: im the wwitch!
GG: i mean witch
GG: rose?
GG: i do not have a score to settle with rose!!!
GG: why would you think that?
GG: i think you are projecting your own attitude on to others
GG: just because you tend to hate and/or hit on everyone you meet doesnt mean everyone else is that way
GG: rose just sent me a code for a crystal ball, shes my friend and is basically the best!
GG: wait do you have a thing for her too???
GG: did she reject you or something?
GG: :|
GG: uh huh...
GG: wow what are you talking about
GG: hey look at that, time for me to get going!
GG: no i dont want it!!!!!
GG: more like a legendary piece of shit!
GG: yes but i dont like you very much and i feel really icky about accepting a present from you
GG: siiigh
GG: fine
GG: what?
GG: oh...
GG: hmmm...
GG: i have seen this before
GG: i am very sure its the same rifle included with johns present
GG: but...
GG: bigger of course
GG: yes but....
GG: i did not provide the weapons!
GG: my penpal did
GG: the guy who helps me build the present
GG: we worked on it together but he supplied the bunnys weapons
GG: im pretty sure hes from the future!
GG: because he said hes my grandson
GG: umm yes
GG: oh no!!!!!
GG: aaaaa please dont tell anyone i told you about him!
GG: augh how could i let that slip to you of all people
GG: wow ok!!!!
GG: i wasnt going to say anything
GG: he didnt want me to tell my friends who he really was
GG: i guess maybe he was concerned about upsetting the timeline? i dunno
GG: maybe!
GG: i have wondered about that, assuming he is right...
GG: he was so nice, and it really did feel like i was talking to family, so i really dont think he was making it up
GG: i couldnt help but try to imagine his parents...
GG: and more interestingly.......
GG: his grandfather :O
GG: i still wonder who it could be...
GG: although i guess at this point
GG: the options are pretty limited :o
GG: like an heirloom? i guess it could be
GG: do you even have those? if you dont have parents how could you?
GG: ewwwwwwww
GG: hmmmm
GG: then maybe that is how this heirloom should work
GG: well i dont want to use it!
GG: so ill just dump it outside the house with the trash
GG: and if it is fated to find my penpal one day then so be it!
GG: maybe you should have been nicer to me!
GG: in any case i dont appreciate the spirit in which the gift was given so this is what i will do!
GG: dave!!!!!!
GG: any dave out there please listen!
GG: dave i just saw you, and you were dead!
GG: you were in a green suit and covered in blood, oh god it was terrible :(
GG: if that was a future dave you have to make sure that doesnt happen!!!
GG: oh
GG: i am confused :o
GG: ok...
GG: i am still not sure i get that!
GG: but i guess i am relieved?
GG: wheeeew! there i just was
GG: how did that poor dave die?
GG: was it jack?
GG: D:
GG: what about your...
GG: um....
GG: oh no i dont even know if you know about this
GG: ;_;
GG: is it something you would like to talk about
GG: ghost dad???
GG: oh...
GG: yes he mentioned something about it
GG: i guess i didnt realize its full implications....
GG: but time was short when we talked!
GG: ugh i forgot i still have to get back to him
GG: its like a big unpleasant chore hanging over my head D:
GG: anyway dave im really sorry about your bro/dad
GG: you were pretty close with him right?
GG: heheh
GG: sure
GG: dave we have to stop him!!!!!
GG: jack!
GG: he shouldnt get away with this
GG: yes
GG: why dont you stop jumping around through time like a maniac and stop being like a hundred daves all the time and come to my house so we can make a plan to kill him??
GG: oh :(
GG: what is the scratch?
GG: really??
GG: hmmmm...
GG: so was that like a hint?
GG: about what im supposed to do :D
GG: well maybe im just being naive...
GG: but a crazy suicide mission does not sound like the ideal solution to me!
GG: are you suuuure we cant beat him?
GG: i dont know if we should rule it out!
GG: ok
GG: thanks dave!
GG: hey tavros!
GG: i was thinking about your plan
GG: about uh...
GG: "communing" with my lusus :)
GG: maybe its not a bad idea!
GG: are you there?
GG: hmm, i guess you are off doing something else
GG: oh well, hope youre doing ok....
GG: talk to you later!
JADE: hello!
JADE: ummmmmm
JADE: jade?
JADE: can you talk?
JADE: oh good!
JADE: hehehe, i was starting to get worried there
JADE: uuugh
JADE: what happened?
JADE: oh god
JADE: oh no oh god.....
JADE: what did i dooooo
JADE: um... jade?
JADE: what is the matter?
JADE: why are you so sad?
JADE: i prototyped you and brought you back!
JADE: should i not have?
JADE: oh no, it is?
JADE: :(
JADE: thats terrible, im really sorry
JADE: i guess i did not think this through
JADE: i dont think...
JADE: that it can be undone :(
JADE: :o
JADE: well...
JADE: now i dont know what to do
JADE: i really messed up, i feel so bad
JADE: where would you go?
JADE: but you cant!
JADE: i mean, not just yet, please?
JADE: i know you are upset jade
JADE: but i did sort of bring you back for a reason
JADE: we need your help!
JADE: well, all of us here
JADE: me and dave and rose and john
JADE: D:
JADE: what is it now!
JADE: what do you mean, how could you forget about john???
JADE: but john didnt die!
JADE: i saved him
JADE: YOU saved him, dont you remember?
JADE: you pushed him out of the way of prospits moon at the last minute, and hes ok now!!!
JADE: oh nooo jade please dont
JADE: :C
JADE: :(
JADE: i know jade i was there too...
JADE: these are both our memories!
JADE: jade, pleeease...
JADE: stop...
JADE: you are going to make me cry too, stop it!!!
JADE: *sob*
JADE: PFFheheh... *sob* hehehehehehe
JADE: you want me to help you...
JADE: die again?
JADE: wow...
JADE: ok, i know this is my fault
JADE: but that is a really hard thing to ask me to do!
JADE: even if it was possible the way you are now
JADE: i dont think i could go through with it :(
JADE: ok ok shhhhh...
JADE: jade listen
JADE: i never did tell you why i brought you back
JADE: and it may be that
JADE: if you attempt what i wanted you to do in the first place
JADE: god i cant believe im saying this...
JADE: but you might end up getting what you want anyway
JADE: because it was always going to be risky
JADE: well, you remember the guy who destroyed prospit?
JADE: shh!!!
JADE: anyway, he is the reason i brought you here
JADE: he has the same powers you have, making him unbeatable to us...
JADE: but maybe not you!
JADE: so you could go find him and
JADE: um
JADE: i just thought
JADE: as long as youre here
JADE: but
JADE: i thought you wanted to die?
JADE: you wouldnt go even if he could...
JADE: jeez...
JADE: youre right, i really dont
JADE: i said SHH!
JADE: wow
JADE: jade...
JADE: i dont mean to be insensitive but
JADE: there is a lot at stake here!
JADE: i... pfhehe, dont change the subject!
JADE: i mean, dont you remember what this was all about?
JADE: what you were working for... what WE were working for all those years before you died?
JADE: remember what we saw in the clouds, or what the queen told us?
JADE: how could you not remember john survived?
JADE: we both saw him in a cloud! he was in his dream suit and awake, reading our letter!
JADE: didnt you think about that?
JADE: ...
JADE: what!!!!!
JADE: how can you SAY that?
JADE: JOHN DIDNT DIE!!!
JADE: omg...
JADE: this is so frustrating, i just told you he didnt
JADE: i knew i was kind of ditzy and forgetful in my dreams, but
JADE: SHHHHH! okaaaaaay, jeez!
JADE: i just dont know what to think
JADE: i guess you are part of me, and you are who i was when i slept
JADE: but it makes me sad to think i would act like this
JADE: i would like to think that even if i was sad and scared, if i was put in a position where everyone depended on me, i could put all those feelings aside and do whats right!
JADE: yes you do!
JADE: even though you dont want to be, youre here now, and there are still people who need you
JADE: there is still something worth fighting for!
JADE: that is a horrible thing to say!
JADE: AUGH!
JADE: that is SO SELFISH!!!
JADE: i cant believe this
JADE: how can you say these things, dont you remember anything that the queen told us?
JADE: that we would eventually build a new world and make a future together with our friends?
JADE: dont you remember being excited about finding out what that meant?
JADE: yes it will!!!
JADE: some of us, the ones who still have hope, are fighting for that RIGHT NOW
JADE: how can you have such a negative outlook on absolutely everything?
JADE: shut up!!!!!!
JADE: stop being such a damn crybaby!
JADE: really, we both had the EXACT SAME EXPERIENCES. and look, i am managing to keep my head up, see?
JADE: you dont even have the full picture either, because you checked out early!
JADE: you didnt have to stand by as bec gave jack his powers when you might have been able to stop that
JADE: and you didnt have to watch as jack became so strong he could appear anywhere and kill anyone you loved at any moment!
JADE: you didnt have to see a dave lying in his own blood :(
JADE: no, see...
JADE: HEY! no. youre not allowed to cry about that because you DIDNT SEE IT
JADE: thats the whole point!!!
JADE: you are just looking for any excuse you can to be sad and useless and its starting to piss me off!
JADE: no
JADE: NO. BAD.
JADE: NO, FOR GODS SAKE WILL YOU SHUT UP AND PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER, YOU ARE DRIVING ME CRAZY
JADE: I SAID PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER YOU BLUBBERING GODDAMN PANSY
JADE: JUST SHUT UP. DRY YOUR CRYBABY EYES, STOP BEING A COWARD, AND GO FIGHT JACK NOIR!!!!!!!!!!!!
JADE: SHUT UP
JADE: NO
JADE: JUST
JADE: GOD DAMN IT
JADE: PLEASE
JADE: JUST ONCE
JADE: SHUT THE HELL UP
JADE: SHUT UP
JADE: SHUT
JADE: THE
JADE: FUCK
JADE: UP
GG: karkat!!!!!
GG: yes
GG: im going crazy here
GG: i never thought id say this, but im actually almost relieved to talk to you
GG: or really ANYBODY besides that lunatic
GG: SHE IS DRIVING ME NUTS!!!!!!!
GG: are you joking??? look at this mess!
GG: okay...
GG: i made the mistake of prototyping my dream self who has been dead for years
GG: and shes completely crazy and theres no talking any sense into her
GG: hmm?
GG: hmm what
GG: :\
GG: what are you getting at???
GG: well...
GG: i mean, i understand why she is upset
GG: but she is completely inconsolable, and wont listen to reason about anything!
GG: and i guess i could deal with that but...
GG: the frustrating thing is that shes actually me :(
GG: i really dont think i would act like that
GG: will you stop saying hmm!!!!!!
GG: fascination?
GG: what do you find so fascinating?
GG: my feelings?
GG: well...
GG: at first i was sad
GG: because she made me remember all the sad things that just happened
GG: but im trying to be strong about all that so we can keep moving forward
GG: and if i can then why cant she?
GG: but she just went on and on
GG: and i started getting angry...
GG: ugh i have never been so angry in my LIFE!!!
GG: I SAID STOP SAYING FUCKING HMM
GG: what does THAT mean?????
GG: is that supposed to be someone with a halo and goofy teeth?
GG: ARE YOU MAKING FUN OF ME?
GG: oh
GG: haha oops
GG: yeah, pretty much
GG: considering what??
GG: oh come on...
GG: this is NOTHING like that!
GG: because she's...
GG: well
GG: she's ACTUALLY INSANE
GG: but
GG: those are you
GG: im not her!
GG: i dont know
GG: it just...
GG: ...
GG: oh my god
GG: youre right :(
GG: so then i guess
GG: im a hypocrite :(
GG: wait...
GG: so me arguing with my dead dream self
GG: and smacking her around while screaming at her
GG: makes me SANE???
GG: hahaha, wow
GG: you are so weird
GG: you want me to apologize?!
GG: for what, calling you crazy for arguing with yourself???
GG: after taking so much crap from you for all those years?
GG: no forget it, im not apologizing that is BULLSHIT
GG: shut uuuup!!!
GG: what
GG: are you saying you want to apologize
GG: ok, i appreciate the THOUGHT of an apology, but i dont know if it really counts if you are just going to pawn off responsibility on your "past self" again!
GG: maybe your "present self" should own up to it!
GG: laaaaame
GG: hahahaha, that is so ridiculous
GG: why dont you stop it with all this nonsense and own up to being terrible unequivocally?
GG: :o
GG: hmmmm...
GG: yes, hm
GG: ok karkat, that sounds pretty sincere to me
GG: and youre right, i dont actually know you
GG: i just know the part of you who acted like a bully
GG: i understand there can be more to a person than just the stuff they say when theyre angry
GG: so i will accept your apology and give you another chance
GG: and i will apologize for calling you crazy
GG: obviously i am not in much position to judge :|
GG: so you say you have been talking to me from the future?
GG: ok, so what is the plan?
GG: i mean, why did you want me to contact you at this moment so badly?
GG: yes
GG: ok, i can do that
GG: but why, what does it do?
GG: its been here my whole life and i could never figure it out
GG: i dont think im following...
GG: you were told?
GG: by who?
GG: oh...
GG: future me?
GG: uh... ok
GG: well it sounds like a pretty good policy to me!
GG: hey!!!
GG: oh yeah! dave told me about that.
GG: what is it?
GG: ok then...
GG: what was the thing i told you to tell me to do?
GG: right now, i mean
GG: ok
GG: then what
GG: draw it?
GG: and then?
GG: password!
GG: I SAID PASSWORD FUCKASS!!!!!
GG: whoops sorry
GG: ive been having too many password arguments with karkat i guess :p
GG: well......
GG: it depends, do you want to have a silly conversation or a serious conversation?
GG: both are!
GG: but a silly conversation mostly doesnt matter or make the timeline more confusing than it needs to be
GG: so we can have one right now if you want
GG: in fact i would say it is coming dangerously close to being one already!
GG: but if it is a serious conversation you want then im afraid i must demand a........
GG: PASSWORD :P
GG: nope!
GG: because i told you
GG: exactly!!!!!!!!!!!
GG: hehehe
GG: yum :B ??????????????????????
GG: hmm, i suppose those are acceptable
GG: to keep the conversations linear!
GG: i gave you a password at the end of our previous conversation
GG: you have to give me that password to start our next conversation
GG: this ensures that past you cant jump ahead into the conversation and mess everything up, like you are trying to do now!
GG: i know, but trust me its better this way :)
GG: i dont know, i have no idea what time you are from!
GG: but you will get it, i gave it to you some time ago at the end of our last conversation
GG: and i have been eagerly awaiting your linear and unconfusing reply ever since!
GG: bye kanaya <3
GG: thanks i think!
GG: what do you mean by pre blackout rose?
GG: umm, ok...
GG: but what do you mean by blackout???
GG: hmm @_@
GG: im doing what you told me to do!
GG: im getting dave to set up that expensive equipment
GG: so i can start doing all that witch of spacey stuff you were telling me about
GG: which i appreciate, since my sprite turned out to be sad and useless, and not very wise at all :(
GG: oh
GG: what is a sylph?
GG: a magical witch???
GG: thats awesome
GG: breeding duties?????
GG: uhhhhhhhhh...
GG: please tell me that doesnt involve what it sounds like!
GG: it sounds like
GG: it involves
GG: a lot of breeding :\
GG: oh
GG: does the equipment we are deploying have anything to do with it?
GG: ok then, thats pretty neat
GG: yeah, whew <_<;
GG: how so?
GG: what is your role?
GG: whoa, cool!
GG: so you are like bugs, like bees or ants or such, but with horns
GG: :o
GG: errr.......
GG: yes 8|
GG: what!
GG: you think so?
GG: i think you can do it!
GG: yes...
GG: didnt you say your lusus was a grub?
GG: thats perfect!
GG: if you were raised by a mother grub, then you are in a great position to raise one yourself
GG: it is like...
GG: a sort of family legacy!
GG: a really cool alien family legacy
GG: dont mention it!
GG: so how does this cloning stuff work?
GG: i want to try anyway!
GG: if you can hold out hope for rebuilding your race in the center of a meteor, then i think i can at least try to get a little cloning done with the time i have left
GG: yes, dave is doing that at the top of this ridiculous tower
GG: didnt you say it needed to be in a warm place?
GG: my house is freezing now
GG: it ran on geothermal power before...
GG: and i guess theres no heat anywhere inside this planet
GG: yes i would like to hear about that later...
GG: but yeah the weather seems just fine out here in the medium!
GG: lets see how dave is doing.....
GG: its...
GG: so small :o
GG: but
GG: clone babies can barely even fit on that thing!
GG: i mean young humans!!!
GG: you know, that we milk producers nurture hatchless within?
GG: then what is the objective?
GG: what am i breeding????
GG: :O
GG: i cant get over how tiny this thing is!
GG: its so cute
GG: so the baby frogs show up on this pad here?
GG: i cant wait to try it
GG: oh
GG: lol
GG: dave just has a lot of funny stuff to say about all this
GG: oh you know, a bunch of silly stuff
GG: theres too much to copy/paste!
GG: here ill save it all to a file and send it to you
GG: hahaha
GG: alright how do i get started!
GG: ok, here is a frog on the screen
GG: on no, is it trapped in ice?
GG: was your planet covered in ice too?
GG: cool!
GG: anyway, i will try to rescue this frog
GG: so i push this button to appearify it?
GG: ok........
GG: oh god, it is still a frogcicle!!!!
GG: this will not do
GG: i dont understand!
GG: but i am intrigued...
GG: ok, that makes sense i think
GG: how can i appearify some frog slime?
GG: so it is like
GG: a sort of backwards frog breeding
GG: clone first, catch later?
GG: ok, i will try this
GG: heheh, look at this handsome guy here, hiding in the woods and being sneaky
GG: he looks frozen solid too
GG: so if i go bother him later, that means if i try to take him now i will only get slime right???
GG: that sounds like fun!!!!!!!
GG: hmmmmm
GG: k hang on while i clone this fella.....
GG: yaaaaaay!!!
GG: i will think of something...
GG: i wont let the poor little guy suffocate!
GG: so i am supposed to wait for him to grow up, and then breed him with other frog paradox clones?
GG: it is?
GG: huh...
GG: so what is the actual purpose of all this breeding?
GG: am i trying to make one really special frog with just the right genetic code or something?
GG: sort of like the ULTIMATE FROG :O
GG: oh!
GG: why?
GG: him?
GG: so he is a boy frog?
GG: the speaker?
GG: hehehe
GG: CROOOOOOAK
GG: then the speaker is like a god, but there are a lot of them?
GG: like one for each session, kind of like the kings and queens?
GG: it is pretty catchy...
GG: if i call him that i will be sure to say i mean no offense!
GG: thats good
GG: ok then what?
GG: what do we do after i make this big god froggy?
GG: does it have something to do with the new universe we create?
GG: you said he was a genesis frog
GG: does that mean we bring him into the universe and...
GG: he makes new planets or life or such?
GG: really???
GG: yes i got that!
GG: you mean he is LITERALLY a universe?
GG: but your species is too!
GG: especially karkat, he is incredibly sarcastic
GG: but i dont do that!
GG: i try to say what i mean as much as i can
GG: from what?
GG: haha, you mean from rose?
GG: yeah, rose and dave are like that all the time!
GG: they inculcate that stuff like crazy
GG: so you have been talking to her a lot i guess?
GG: are you best friends now??
GG: why?
GG: oh yeah, because you said she is blacked out?
GG: what the heck does that mean!
GG: yeah, i didnt like the sound of her plan either!
GG: you did???????
GG: yeah! :D
GG: jeez, i hope not...
GG: me too!!!!!
GG: wow kanaya i did not realize how much we had in common
GG: well, it sounds like helping people is something that is in your nature
GG: i can understand that
GG: are you saying rose is reckless and dangerous?
GG: you mean your guardian?
GG: uh oh...
GG: im not sure why, but the sound of that makes me really nervous
GG: she didnt mention anything about this when we talked
GG: but then she seemed preoccupied
GG: yeah, i will!
GG: lol yeah i guess so!
GG: ok, you can go do that, and i guess i will check on rose, but...
GG: theres still so much i want to know!
GG: i want to know more about stoking the forge and breeding the frogs, and about your time on prospit and all that!
GG: yes! <3
GG: if i have cause to?
GG: oh!!!
GG: that reminds me, i was thinking of implementing a system to keep some of these confusing conversations simple and linear
GG: yeah! i guess someone told you?
GG: aaaaa you see??????
GG: you nearly just gave me the idea for the plan in the first place paradoxically from my own future self!!!
GG: i just find that kind of thing annoying for some reason, it doesnt feel right...
GG: i would rather ideas came from the place they actually came from
GG: ok lets put the system in play starting now!
GG: i will give you a password, and you give it to me in the future when you want to pick up this conversation again
GG: the password is...............
GG: CROOOOOOOOOOOAK
GG: it must be in all caps, and must contain precisely ten Os!
GG: whoops!
GG: eleven then :p
GG: kanaya :o
GG: that sounded
GG: just a weeeeeee bit
GG: sarcastic ;D
GG: you are just becoming multicultural, thats all
GG: i think i am learning to be more multicultural through karkat as well
GG: it mostly involves saying fuck a lot
GG: heheheheh, its ok, hes really not so bad
GG: ok! go hatch that orb!
GG: i will be waiting
GG: later!
GG: john!!! :D
GG: wow, finally!
GG: nope!
GG: dave was able to set up as my server player
GG: he is building up my house right now so that we can deploy some equipment up there
GG: yep!
GG: :o
GG: thats ok, i wont tell him about it
GG: well, maybe you can.....
GG: i will try to put in a good word for you B)
GG: im not sure!
GG: something to do with cloning i guess? it serves some purpose in my quest as witch of space
GG: a nice troll named kanaya has been advising me on stuff about that
GG: have you talked to her?
GG: you should!
GG: a bunch of trolls are not nearly as bad as i thought
GG: even karkat! he has been helping me too... sort of, hehe
GG: oh yeah, he said plenty of stuff like that, but i dont think he ever actually meant it
GG: flying off the handle is part is of his charm in a funny way, once you know that about him
GG: heheheh
GG: shhhhhhhhh
GG: yeah!
GG: hmm what else... theres been so much going on, its been a little hard to keep track of it all!
GG: why dont you tell me what youve been up to first?
GG: ..............
GG: whoa :O
GG: john where did you get that nice flying car??????
GG: sort of!
GG: she gave me the code, and i made a cool pair of goggles with it
GG: it certainly seems so! what with your fancy magic car
GG: and your chauffeur familiar, i guess?
GG: you did???
GG: :(
GG: hmmmmm...
GG: maybe, but hang on let me try something
GG: yes!
GG: what have you seen?
GG: :O
GG: like what, what did you seeeee?
GG: frogs?
GG: no...
GG: sure does!
GG: nope! but that sounds pretty interesting
GG: i wonder why i would be surrounded by frogs?
GG: hahaha thats true!
GG: i hope i am not planning on putting them in a cauldron or anything o_o
GG: whew!
GG: bluh. yes :|
GG: i prototyped my dead dream self and tried to get her to fight jack
GG: but it turned out to be a BIG MISTAKE
GG: god i cant believe how dumb that idea was, she was an emotional wreck
GG: oh, she went off to cry somewhere else... good riddance!
GG: hehe i guess so
GG: what!!!!!
GG: oh noooo
GG: who?
GG: i dont think so!
GG: well if she tricked you into getting killed, then i would have to agree
GG: what process?
GG: and how are you alive now if you died! john im a little confused
GG: ohhhhhh!
GG: that makes sense
GG: dave had mentioned you reached the god tier
GG: but he did not say what it involved D:
GG: he probably didnt want to make me worried
GG: or that!
GG: but he also said that no one else would do it but you...
GG: actually, now it makes sense that i wouldnt be able to, since my dream self is dead
GG: its too bad really
GG: i wonder what space powers would be like??
GG: oh well
GG: !!!
GG: youre right...
GG: i suddenly dont know if i want to become a god tier anymore :(
GG: DX
GG: i dont even want to talk about her! she is sad and cowardly.
GG: why dont you tell me about your new friend?
GG: he sure seems to be enjoying that horn!
GG: haha! what is he doing with that!
GG: probably!
GG: you are just going to have to deal with the fact that you are becoming a famous hero john, and people everywhere will idolize you
GG: :o
GG: thats great! john you have to get that ring from him!
GG: hmmmmmmmmmm
GG: that is a problem!
GG: you do?
GG: and what?
GG: 8O
GG: ok john.....
GG: i trust you
GG: so i will trust in your trust in him
GG: im going to be a supportive piece of shit all day and fall down all this trust!
GG: lol
GG: john, i already found your dad!
GG: yes i found him with my goggles almost right away!
GG: but i didnt want to interrupt you
GG: he is with roses mom
GG: they are in a castle, having some sort of tea party together
GG: they appear to be enjoying each others company!
GG: its quite adorable actually
GG: RED ALERT!!!!!!
GG: AWOOOOOOOOOOOGA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GG: durrrr oh really john :p
GG: but really, they make a nice couple and i think it would be great if they got married!
GG: i guess so
GG: yes they are pretty special
GG: i dunno
GG: who are they to stand between two youngsters in love?
GG: yes john, two people must be in love in order to get married
GG: it is one of the rules!
GG: so what do you say john, are you in love with rose?
GG: and if not, are you prepared to fall in love with her?
GG: wellllll? :D
GG: i didnt even know karkat made a shipping diagram...
GG: i will have to make him show me
GG: <_<;
GG: whaaat...
GG: i dont know about that!
GG: i clearly need to take a good hard look at this prophetic document
GG: and possibly tell karkat what an idiot he is!
GG: uh
GG: well, i dont actually know where he is relative to you!
GG: so i dont know if i can give you directions
GG: there might be some way to do that...
GG: these goggles are actually REALLY COMPLICATED!
GG: i will look into it and get back to you
GG: in the meantime, why dont you fly around and keep looking?
GG: at least now you know to look for a castle
GG: and maybe the clouds will give you some more tips!
GG: sure! <3
GG: later!
GG: ummmmmm hey guys i hope im not interrupting!!!
GG: oh no!
GG: i can leave
GG: :o
GG: its ok! i can take another nap later when you guys arent busy...
GG: well...
GG: i have just been enjoying these little naps more and more lately!
GG: each time i go to sleep i meet more new people and learn so much
GG: but i still cant get karkat to take a nap, boy talk about a guy who is anti nap!
GG: seeeeeriously!
GG: he is the douchiest of crabby crabs who ever douched a big douchey crab
GG: but yeah, its been fun, i should really thank feferi again for setting it up so we could meet like this!
GG: yup!
GG: ummm probably in another bubble
GG: but youll find her! maybe during your next nap...
GG: yeah!
GG: you were really nice and helpful
GG: i think your outfit looks so cute! i love your wings too
GG: i am not sure :o
GG: what!
GG: i am ready!
GG: yay!
GG: wait! before we do...
GG: hi kanaya! it is nice to meet you
GG: you dont like it???
GG: yes i know you told me!
GG: yes but you probably havent yet
GG: not from your perspective..... i could not help but overhear you are asleep now
GG: you told me all about what happened after you woke up!
GG: about how you turned into a vampire
GG: isnt that daves puppet?
GG: :\
GG: bye!
GG: guys why do you have daves puppet?
GG: what is going on here!
GG: rose jeez!!!
GG: finally
GG: you sure seem to be absorbed in whatever youre doing on that computer...
GG: were you talking to someone?
GG: oh no no i dont blame you for not responding!
GG: you must be very upset
GG: are you ok?
GG: um
GG: because
GG: uhhh i figured you would have found out by now but i guess you still dont know?
GG: about...
GG: johns dad
GG: and.......
GG: your mom :(
GG: rose?
GG: hello???
GG: oh noo :'(
GG: rose please say something
GG: you are making me nervous...
GG: umm
GG: because you were busy trying to make the best of this situation?
GG: i dont think you should be so hard on yourself about it
GG: john was being john, and you were being you, which i guess meant taking our problems very seriously and putting all your attention on solving them!
GG: and anyway, you and your mom had a much trickier relationship than john and his dad didnt you?
GG: i mean, not that i am saying that means you were any less attached to her than him...
GG: argh, i dont know if im very good at consoling people. sorry rose i dont want to make you feel worse :(
GG: whew, ok
GG: you know...
GG: now we have all lost guardians
GG: dave lost his, and i lost mine in a weird way... uuum even though that was pretty much definitely my fault :\
GG: and even the trolls all lost their monster guardians
GG: i think that maybe it is an inevitable part of a game that can be cruel sometimes
GG: ......
GG: i am so sad
GG: rose i think you are being stronger about it than i am
GG: oh
GG: well
GG: i just hope you arent thinking of doing something rash
GG: yeaaah...
GG: errrr, i dont know?
GG: wellllll
GG: no!
GG: but i was trusting that you had thought it through and it was our best hope
GG: hm
GG: then what will you do?
GG: what does that mean!
GG: oh no no no no no!
GG: rose that is a much much worse plan!!!!!
GG: he would probably kill you!
GG: i know what you mean, i was angry at jack and wanted to stop him too, but we have to think of a more sensible way to do it
GG: what? who?
GG: aaaaaaa whaaaaat?????
GG: rose who is this!
GG: i dont even know whats going on anymore
GG: SHHHHHHHHHH!
GG: please dont rose, i know you are angry but you arent thinking straight
GG: nooo :(
GG: rose, maybe white text guy is right?
GG: the dark gods gave you all these powers, and seem to be helping us with dream bubbles and stuff...
GG: but what if they are not actually good?
GG: no...
GG: but i still dont trust them!
GG: whats this weirdo talking about!
GG: oh yeah
GG: i noticed you found it!
GG: i was worried it had been destroyed when my room blew up
GG: is he saying you can use it?
GG: omg
GG: does it work???
GG: then maybe you should try it!
GG: well
GG: since we dont know much about the gods...
GG: why dont you ask it about them?
GG: i guess that is a way to put it
GG: john!!! i am worried about rose!
GG: im pretty sure she is on her way there to look for jack!
GG: i cant say for sure because i cant see her with my goggles anymore for some reason, but i am fearing the worst
GG: just in case, you should to try to intercept her before she does something stupid like try to fight him!!!!!
GG: also, um...
GG: i guess you probably still dont know about your dad yet do you?
GG: darn, why do i always have to be the one to break terrible news :(
GG: er
GG: john?
GG: oh god please dont tell me your computer was in the wallet you just gave that guy.....
GG: dammit john!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GG: one of these days you will learn the value of having plenty of backup computers
GG: in fact whenever you finally leave the battlefield i am going to give you the code for a nice pair of lunchmuffs
GG: and then i am going to force you to keep them on your head AT ALL TIMES!
GG: yeah, youre never going to read this are you :|
GG: pw.
GG: listen fuckass
GG: i am going to need a password before we continue
GG: plz <3
GG: ....................... :|
GG: no karkat, that was not quite the password
GG: but you were on the right track :p
GG: do you even remember the right password?
GG: youre being deliberately dumb
GG: it was...
GG: IF I HATE MYSELF SO MUCH, THEN WHY DON'T I HATEMARRY MYSELF?
GG: remember?
GG: i was just using the password system to poke a little fun at you, and you turn it into this whole overdramatic thing, jeeeeez.
GG: i wonder if we will ever be able to start a conversation without having a ridiculous argument about the password system?
GG: why would i want to do that??
GG: the only guy whos dumber than past karkat is future karkat, and vice versa!
GG: i have this on good authority from both sources
GG: you see, that is your problem
GG: okay, one of your many, many problems...
GG: you have no patience to do things the right way, youre always just looking for the shortcut!
GG: even if doing so has brought you nothing but trouble a hundred times before
GG: it is sort of funny that the only thing standing in your way is one of your other problems, your preposterous self loathing
GG: so you cant even trust your future self to help you cheat!
GG: its like you have so many problems, they cancel each other out
GG: exactly :D
GG: ok
GG: yes
GG: yes, we still are!
GG: this little detour was related to that task. we should be nearly done.
GG: i can understand her just fine!
GG: we already talked about this
GG: echidna and i have an understanding now ;)
GG: well maybe if you werent in such a grumpy hurry all the time you wouldnt have killed your denizen so quickly
GG: you might have actually learned something!!!!!!
GG: did you ever talk to kanaya about it?
GG: her situation was very similar to mine
GG: it doesnt sound like you got the whole story
GG: or maybe you just werent listening to her :p
GG: this was kanayas suggestion
GG: yes!
GG: im talking to her right now actually
GG: durrr, of course not, shes from a different time than you genius
GG: a few hours in your future!
GG: you are so ridiculous, i have kanaya using the same password system as you
GG: she is just a little further ahead on my timeline is all
GG: it would be pretty hard to keep you both synced up!
GG: yeah, from MY future, i dont want you guys telling me the things i do before i do them because you talked to future me!
GG: but knowing a few things about your future doesnt really matter, NOT that i am going to tell you any of it, so dont ask
GG: siiign, what are you even talking about?
GG: aw
GG: well...
GG: youll find him
GG: i know, i made an exception
GG: but only one!
GG: kanaya thinks we should all talk about this
GG: she says youre important to consult on the matter, but the you from her time is too busy
GG: :x!!!!!
GG: she is opening a memo
GG: oh sorry!
GG: i was distracted
GG: no not by all the scratchy stuff in the sky
GG: theres something coming down...
GG: its hard to make out
GG: but
GG: i think
GG: it might be...
GG: shaving cream?
GG: its like
GG: hey!
GG: ...
GG: karkat?
JADE: im not sure!
JADE: some sort of limbo dimension between the two walls i guess
JADE: like a realm with unusual spatial properties we have to cross through
JADE: yes!
JADE: we still totally exist john
JADE: about what?
JADE: yes
JADE: i didnt make it with witch powers though, i captchalogued it hours ago because karkat told me to...
JADE: then at the last minute i took it out and made it huge so we could escape through it
JADE: i did make it huge with witch powers!
JADE: they also make things small
JADE: yup
JADE: also
JADE: witch powers can teleport things, and fling things around through space at very high velocities
JADE: all sorts of stuff!
JADE: but to be honest, im not sure how much of that is attributable to inheriting becs abilities...
JADE: yes that was the basic idea
JADE: that would be jake
JADE: and yeah, i do believe we will meet him in this session
JADE: he said he had a bunch of friends who helped him make the bunny! im pretty excited to meet them all
JADE: actually, they both went, and in a manner of speaking, their mission was a success
JADE: nope!
JADE: they did not actually destroy the sun. trust me, i would know if it was gone. now that i know what i know, it was kind of silly of us to think it would ever be destroyed...
JADE: and as it happens, rose and dave are not dead either! i have received very reliable reports that they survived
JADE: it will all be more clear soon
JADE: ive learned a lot in my dreams lately
JADE: heh, probably more than i ever learned looking at the clouds on prospit!
JADE: when i was dead there for a few minutes, i had one last very informative nap
JADE: the bottom line is, rose and dave will rendezvous with the trolls near the green sun, and then they will all meet us in the new session
JADE: its through the other wall!
JADE: yes
JADE: no, not lawn ring!
JADE: thats a silly troll word
JADE: its the yellow yard
JADE: we have to cross it to break through the next wall
JADE: see that long yellow band down there, stretching between the two walls?
JADE: i think thats supposed to be the yard
JADE: hmmm
JADE: yeah i think youre right
JADE: kinda like the yellow brick road?
JADE: hehe
JADE: :|
JADE: i have no idea
JADE: extra dimensional shenanigan based phenomena perhaps?????
JADE: i dont know!
JADE: :?
JADE: yes me too
JADE: hmmmmmm
JADE: im just trying to estimate our arrival time
JADE: based on our current velocity, which is about as close to light speed as i can make it go
JADE: hmmmmmmmmmmm...
JADE: no
JADE: itll take quite a bit longer than that
JADE: i would say
JADE: if i keep our speed constant...
JADE: we should arrive in about three years
JADE: i know!
JADE: i cant!
JADE: not here, at least
JADE: the way i understand it is...
JADE: becs powers draw from the green sun
JADE: and the green sun presides over our universe
JADE: many universes actually! and the sessions that created them, as well as the sessions created within them
JADE: including the trolls universe and their session
JADE: think of it like a giant solar system, but instead of planets revolving around the sun, there are many universes
JADE: it is!
JADE: so, bec was able to teleport anywhere in the universe he wanted in an instant, much faster than light
JADE: jack was able to do this too, within our session, and then when i inherited those powers from jadesprite, so could i
JADE: but we could only teleport locally
JADE: which means, bec could jump to anywhere in our universe, but not to another universe, or into a session
JADE: and jack could jump to anywhere in our session, but not outside it
JADE: we cant even jump to the green sun itself, even though we sort of serve as a gateway to it, and all its energy
JADE: and once we leave the suns domain, our travel is limited by the speed of light, like everyone else!
JADE: for example, the furthest ring is not in the suns domain
JADE: it is more like the suns medium, allowing it to exist
JADE: so if i wanted to fly out of our session and travel to the green sun, i would have to make my way there through the furthest ring at the speed of light or less
JADE: and wherever we are now is not in the suns domain either
JADE: so the same rules apply
JADE: yes i think youre right
JADE: but to be fair, we were all the victims of a big prank!
JADE: some really creepy omniscient guy
JADE: it doesnt matter much, hes supposedly dead now
JADE: yes, but its not all as bad as it seems
JADE: theres a silver lining in all of this
JADE: like you said, a sun presiding over many universes has to be pretty cosmically important
JADE: who knows what terrible consequences there would be if it was destroyed
JADE: or maybe worse, if it never existed at all
JADE: which is what made rose and daves true mission an unintended success!
JADE: to deliver the bomb to the empty location the green sun was meant to exist for most of eternity
JADE: and then create the sun in the first place
JADE: that is what the tumor was for all along
JADE: like i said
JADE: we got played like a bunch of suckers!!!
JADE: i think he looks cool!!!!!
JADE: the cape is great, hes like a super hero now
JADE: yup
JADE: ...
JADE: :(
JADE: !!!
JADE: ...........
JADE: how did you know about that!
JADE: oh
JADE: that figures
JADE: umm
JADE: yeah
JADE: i dunno
JADE: do you want it to come true?
JADE: hmmmmmm.....
JADE: i think i miss them already
JADE: and weve only been here for a few minutes :(
JADE: well
JADE: you could ask them now if you want
JADE: yes
JADE: in fact
JADE: you can hop right through me and join them
JADE: then you can travel with them to the new session if you like
JADE: it probably would!
JADE: but i cant go with you
JADE: i can serve as a gateway
JADE: but i cant travel to the sun myself, remember?
JADE: but its ok, really!
JADE: if thats what you wanted to do, i wouldnt mind
JADE: but whatever you do, you have to decide quickly
JADE: they will be departing from the sun very soon
JADE: i wouldnt really be alone though
JADE: i have the population of five planets to keep me company!
JADE: awww :D
JADE: ok then
JADE: personally, i think this trip could be a lot of fun!
JADE: theres no pressure to do anything important or run around like lunatics anymore
JADE: we can just relax
JADE: woof!
JADE: whoops
JADE: there should be lots of good stuff on the planets
JADE: also i would bet this ship is stocked with plenty of military rations
JADE: oh yeah!!!
JADE: durrr, problem solved
JADE: yes
JADE: im pretty sure she knows a ton of things now
JADE: considering she is a fully realized seer of light
JADE: im sure that would be hilarious
JADE: but
JADE: if you go i dont think i can bring you back
JADE: i cant bring anyone or anything to here from there!
JADE: as far as i know...
JADE: if theres a way i havent figured it out yet
JADE: i am still kind of new to this omnipotence thing after all :\
JADE: i dont know!
JADE: im sure the rules exist for a good reason though
JADE: maybe to somewhat limit the power and reach of omnipotent beings?
JADE: if there are no limits at all, it could be especially dangerous in the wrong hands
JADE: like what happened with jack!
JADE: then i guess thats what we are!
JADE: semipotent demigods
JADE: woof woof woof!
JADE: dammit!!!!!!
JADE: i havent gotten the hang of the woofs yet :(
JADE: i think so
JADE: i do too!
JADE: D:
JADE: sure!
JADE: better hurry up and write it though
JADE: how about this one?
JADE: looks like its still in pretty good condition
JADE: john you have to hurry!
JADE: here, will this work?
JADE: whatever you write just make it quick!
JADE: and tell everyone i say hi!
JADE: ok, while you work on that, i think ill bring up some friends
JADE: you know, let some of our travel companions get acquainted with the ship!
JADE: shooooooooosh!!!!!
JADE: write now, catch up later!
JADE: nooooo come on guys theyre about to go just stuff it in the bucket and throw it at me already!!!
JADE: john i really think we are scraping the bottom of the barrel here
JADE: thats sort of my point!
JADE: where did you even get this?
JADE: :|
JADE: i dont really think this is my kind of game....
JADE: but i will play it with you today because it is technically your birthday <3
JADE: how many people did you get to play this??
JADE: why cant you cross the streams?
JADE: :p
JADE: im working on it!
JADE: there are so many options
JADE: what kind of ghostbuster should i make?
JADE: hmmmm
JADE: what do you have to do?
JADE: noooooooooo!
JADE: sure john
JADE: whatever you say
JADE: are you serious?
JADE: what about that fire pole there?
JADE: cant you go down the fire pole?
JADE: .........
JADE: yeah i think im done!!!
JADE: im pretty happy with him
JADE: no way!
JADE: hes adorable, what are you even talking about?
JADE: i dont want ghosts to be afraid of him
JADE: i want to make friends with some ghosts if at all possible
JADE: nope. im keeping him :p
JADE: shut up or ill give him a pink jumpsuit!
JADE: i think i will manage to survive the embarrassment in front of a bunch of salamanders and crocodiles
JADE: thank you
JADE: *snicker*
JADE: nothing
JADE: hehe
JADE: pffff!
JADE: its davesprite, hes playing too
JADE: we have strategies?
JADE: hahahahahahaha
JADE: did you know...
JADE: davesprite is a funny guy?
JADE: i just told him you said that
JADE: davesprite says to tell you "youre basically welcome for being born 14 years ago and 1 year ago you ungrateful douche"
JADE: um
JADE: because he is davesprite?
JADE: well yeah
JADE: but hes kinda different from dave
JADE: i know
JADE: but there are other differences...
JADE: its hard to explain
JADE: just some slight differences in personality i guess
JADE: yes...
JADE: so?
JADE: ok i will admit i cant really tell if his rapping style has changed
JADE: i dont know if the differences are because he is a sprite
JADE: or because he lived for a while in a different timeline...
JADE: i wasnt a sprite!
JADE: my dead dream self was a sprite
JADE: and then i kind of merged with her when i became a god tier
JADE: i guess?
JADE: its more like im still the me i always was, but inherited some of her memories
JADE: but they are pretty vague
JADE: i remember being dead for a long time
JADE: and making friends...
JADE: mostly trolls
JADE: none that we know of now
JADE: that i can remember at least
JADE: they feel like such distant memories, like they were barely real
JADE: yeah me too
JADE: maybe its something about this place were traveling through?
JADE: when was the last time you visited one in your sleep?
JADE: yeah
JADE: yup
JADE: nope :(
JADE: i dont think thats it
JADE: for one thing, considering where we are, i dont think theres such a thing as "the same time" for us
JADE: maybe...
JADE: but its probably more like the way it used to be with the clouds in skaia
JADE: they didnt always show you things, but when they did they were selective about what they would let you see
JADE: like they would make sure you saw whatever you needed to see to make sure things would go the right way
JADE: i always thought i knew so much, but in retrospect they gave me only a tiny glimpse of the big picture!
JADE: i guess!
JADE: it never felt that way when all i was doing was looking up at some clouds
JADE: i was happy to see whatever was there
JADE: but i guess its different in a situation like this
JADE: when you miss your friends, and you kind of wish the dream bubbles would play along
JADE: heheh, probably!
JADE: hmmm
JADE: well look at it this way
JADE: by the end of our trip, will YOU be better friends with a bunch of salamanders than you are with rose and dave?
JADE: that is true
JADE: umm
JADE: what do you mean the way things are going?
JADE: what!
JADE: what has he been telling you??
JADE: well...
JADE: i guess i dont know whats going on with that
JADE: i really dont!!!
JADE: um
JADE: what
JADE: do you think he would think about that?
JADE: the other dave
JADE: i mean
JADE: hypothetically
JADE: im only wondering because you brought it up!!!!!!
JADE: then what do you think?
JADE: maybe
JADE: well
JADE: what about you john?
JADE: remember how you told me how karkat kept sort of trying to set you up with rose?
JADE: you told me this on more than one occasion if i recall!
JADE: well, i have kind of wondered to myself if you kept bringing that up because on some level you wanted that to be true...
JADE: not at all! that is perfectly fine
JADE: aww
JADE: heheheheh
JADE: what?
JADE: *snicker*
JADE: i guess you have a point
JADE: mm hm
JADE: yikes
JADE: .....
JADE: that was just my hunch
JADE: i sincerely doubt it
JADE: at least
JADE: i hope not ._.
JADE: that is so outrageous
JADE: after you!
JADE: grrr...
JADE: grrrrrrrrrrr
JADE: i cant help it!
JADE: grrrr...
JADE: dammit!
JADE: im really not mad at him, i swear!
JADE: WOOF!!!
JADE: WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF!
JADE: hm?
JADE: what?
JADE: whaaat
JADE: but you love this movie!
JADE: but you were making such a big deal about finally getting me to watch it with you on your birthday!
JADE: you were going on and on about how i wouldnt be disappointed... but now youre saying you dont like it?
JADE: really?
JADE: i was actually kind of enjoying it!
JADE: its very silly
JADE: i really dont think its the kind of movie youre supposed to take all that seriously john
JADE: i dunno....
JADE: but people can change their minds about things
JADE: i think youre allowed to change your mind about a silly movie
JADE: i used to LOVE the squiddles show when i was really young
JADE: but as i got older i started to realize it wasnt as great as i thought it was
JADE: i was just too young to see how it was actually a flagrant vehicle for selling merchandise
JADE: and if you believed the conspiracy theorists it might have even been pushing some other dark hidden agendas.....
JADE: so i stopped liking the show itself as much but that didnt change the fact that i had a lot of fond memories about it
JADE: i still loved all the cute characters and could enjoy it on a nostalgic level
JADE: what is even the problem with it?
JADE: ive just been watching this and thinking, yup, i can see why john was so obsessed with this movie...
JADE: its funny!
JADE: but he was trying to sound like a hardened criminal to win the trust of john malkovich!
JADE: what!!
JADE: you spent your whole life worshiping this dumb movie and now youre calling ME naive????
JADE: oh god
JADE: vexing and hypnotic??
JADE: its a movie full of explosions about a guy with a mullet
JADE: what is with you lately? you seem to be in such a crappy mood these days
JADE: oh bluh bluh
JADE: can we just finish the rest of the movie?
JADE: look you made us miss a whole bunch of stuff!
JADE: hang on im going to rewind it...
JADE: whos dave chappelle?
JADE: no!!!
JADE: dont touch the remote
JADE: YES :p
JADE: john you are kind of sounding like a crazy person here
JADE: what???
JADE: oh...
JADE: heh
JADE: yeah
JADE: why do you always call him dave sprite?
JADE: no, i mean why do you always say it like that? with the space between words?
JADE: its not dave sprite, its just davesprite
JADE: yeah.... john
JADE: i dont think davesprite is coming tonight
JADE: no...
JADE: it has nothing to do with jaspers
JADE: he uh...
JADE: kind of broke up with me
JADE: a couple days ago
JADE: john its ok you dont have t...
JADE: we were?
JADE: your rock??
JADE: what are you talking about?
JADE: we were not an institution!
JADE: you are just saying meaningless things now
JADE: um...
JADE: its complicated
JADE: basically hes just going through a lot of stuff right now
JADE: do uh...
JADE: you have a girlfriend?
JADE: i dont think hes a douche, hes just...
JADE: i dont think being a bird ever bothered him
JADE: like i said... its all more complicated than that
JADE: me too
JADE: why?
JADE: i dont know
JADE: what do you mean
JADE: uh
JADE: so
JADE: SO WHAT IF HE HAS A GHOST BUTT!!!!!
JADE: WHATEVER YOURE JUST SAYING, JUST STOP SAYING IT!
JADE: and whatever youre trying to gesture with your hands there, stop doing that too!
JADE: nope!!! totally not talking about this
JADE: put your hands down john
JADE: thats not down, thats up!
JADE: oh well, at least youre not making those unsettling gestures...
JADE: john...
JADE: what are you doing?
JADE: i hope youre not entertaining some awkward train of thought about, uh...
JADE: what is with you??
JADE: today is your birthday, youre supposed to be having fun!
JADE: but youve been so testy, as if youre committed to not having a good time
JADE: yeah, i can see how you might find it a little slow here
JADE: i dunno, i havent minded much... maybe its different for me though because i used to live all alone?
JADE: but i dont mind doing that any time!!!
JADE: john... if you told me this earlier i would have...
JADE: were already going as fast as i can make us go
JADE: about the speed of light!
JADE: no! nothing can go faster than light john
JADE: unless you teleport of course
JADE: i already explained this! i cant do that here, its not within the domain of the green sun which gives me those powers!
JADE: no thats just a regular law of physics!!! jeez
JADE: ok first of all, thats not even close to the speed of light
JADE: light travels at a hundred and eighty six thousand miles per second no matter what frame of reference youre in... even this one!
JADE: second of all special relativity and comparing laws of physics between different frames of reference, those are tricky issues to talk about!
JADE: but id be more than happy to talk about them if youd like. actually i would enjoy that because i never really get to talk about science wi...
JADE: yes as a matter of fact it is!
JADE: you take that back!!!!!
JADE: john.....
JADE: what is that?
JADE: under your hood...
JADE: looks like a piece of paper stuck to your back?
JADE: what?
JADE: what is it??
JADE: where are you going?
JADE: what! john, no...
JADE: ok yes, that practical joke is in poor taste, but you should try to calm down and...
JADE: um
JADE: which one?
JADE: sigh
JADE: :|
JADE: john...
JADE: theres no one there
JADE: what pastures
JADE: what
JADE: wasnt i supposed to be the mule?
JADE: i dont think i understand your analogy
JADE: ....
JADE: john i think youre officially throwing a tantrum here
JADE: ...
JADE: john?
JADE: john...
JADE: are you asleep?
JADE: please dont tell me you just fell asleep in your driveway
JADE: hi!
JADE: are you jake?
JADE: hi jake!
JADE: im jade
JADE: its nice to finally meet you!
JADE: and you must be jane?
JADE: mm hm!
JADE: its nice to meet you too jane
JADE: so uh...
JADE: jake
JADE: where are your pants?
JADE: BARK
JADE: hey guys
JADE: long time no see
JADE: woof
JADE: yes i just woofed 
JADE: yes i can talk in person language 
JADE: oh dont worry... 
JADE: i will say lots of person things to you 
JADE: for you see roxy
JADE: we have many person things to discuss 
JADE: excuse me but did you just "laugh your ass off" at me under your breath 
JADE: :| 
JADE: i fail to see what is so amusing 
JADE: ..... 
JADE: ok i guess the situation is a little funny because of this absurd folder 
JADE: and the fact that i woofed at you probably didnt help either
JADE: but im not here to share a good laugh over the old ladys sense of design or her penchant for scrapbooking! 
JADE: i am here to make sure that you do as youre told 
JADE: now take the file and review your assignment 
JADE: yes you will 
JADE: no 
JADE: thats what he told me when we were pen pals 
JADE: but i think its more accurate to say im his alternate universe biological daughter 
JADE: yes, it does :p 
JADE: now take the damn folder 
JADE: DO NOT CALL ME THAT!!! 
JADE: my surname is harley not english 
JADE: but you may refer to me as jade, or ma'am if you are feeling especially nervous and deferential 
JADE: which as it turns out is the way you should be feeling about me, ALWAYS >:B 
JADE: lol WHAT 
JADE: SILENCE!!!!!! 
JADE: open the file 
JADE: OPEN IT! 
JADE: yes 
JADE: it is not impossible 
JADE: you are the rogue of void 
JADE: dont you know what that means? 
JADE: it means a lot more than that 
JADE: your true powers are more impressive than those of anyone else in your crappy quartet 
JADE: in fact i would say they are almost as cool as mine >:) 
JADE: not just spikeballs! 
JADE: imagine that your title is roughly synonymous with "one who steals nothing" 
JADE: what do you think it means to be able to steal nothing? 
JADE: WRONG 
JADE: it means just the opposite 
JADE: it means you can steal the essence of nothingness from something 
JADE: you can rob nothingness from an idea if you put your mind to it 
JADE: effectively allowing you to conjure virtually anything out of thin air 
JADE: grrrrr... 
JADE: im sorry, but your remarks of self deprecation made me very angry 
JADE: once i was even more of a dork than you 
JADE: but now i am one of the most powerful beings who has ever existed 
JADE: i dont want to hear any whining about what you think you cant do 
JADE: you are hereby under strict orders from myself and her condescension to "clam up" and conjure that orb, do you understand? 
JADE: you tell me 
JADE: space is my racket, not void 
JADE: its called the matriorb 
JADE: it is the key to resurrecting the troll race 
JADE: once you create it the empress will hatch it on an uninhabited planet located beyond the reach of her cruel employer 
JADE: there her people will have another chance to thrive without the ever looming threat of extinction that comes with his influence 
JADE: so you see roxy, there is nothing noble about refusing to help 
JADE: once an entire alien race went extinct because of a terrible monster, and you can help give them a second chance 
JADE: dont you want that? 
JADE: yes fair enough, but heres the other thing... 
JADE: if you dont i am going to kill you 
JADE: oh yesses! 
JADE: a literal plurality of yesses 
JADE: seeing as you are a god tier it is very likely you will come back to life 
JADE: so i can just keep killing you over and over a different way each time 
JADE: maybe i will disembowel you a few times 
JADE: i will not even need to use my sharp doggy teeth! 
JADE: i will just snap my fingers and your delicious guts will teleport outside your body 
JADE: no way more like yum 
JADE: i will just keep on killing you again and again 
JADE: until you finally get tired of dying and follow your orders 
JADE: i believe you will find i am the suckiest jade there is 
JADE: now we are going to be here in this cell for as long as it takes 
JADE: i am not going anywhere until you try doing your voidey thing and make something appear 
JADE: is that understood?
JADE: no, its not 
JADE: thats a perfectly generic object 
JADE: yes 
JADE: thats what a perfectly generic object is 
JADE: how 
JADE: exactly 
JADE: if you want your powers to reach their full potential youre going to need to become more familiar with the fundamental building blocks of ideas and how they translate into more complicated thoughts and forms 
JADE: then it becomes a simple matter of using your abilities to snatch those concepts from unreality 
JADE: we both know you dont think its too hard, you think it sounds like an interesting challenge 
JADE: this is a very good start though 
JADE: with a little practice im sure our empress will have her orb in no time
JADE: it would be fairly baller 
JADE: keep trying for that orb though 
JADE: i will return in a while to review your progress 
JADE: and remember, dont get any funny ideas 
JADE: i mean dont try to escape! 
JADE: even if you are invisible i will be able to track you down instantly 
JADE: my sense of smell is very good 
JADE: now if youll excuse me i have some business to attend to 
JADE: i am still trying to locate my brother 
JADE: but im having trouble picking up his scent 
JADE: hes using his windy powers to obscure the trail and its giving me fits 
JADE: woof!!! 
JADE: i mean shoosh :x 
JADE: that is enough questions from you 
JADE: now i believe you have a space egg to conjure 
JADE: what? 
JADE: farewell roxy
JADE: hello dave 
JADE: he was just here wasnt he 
JADE: how do you even know who im talking about?? 
JADE: dave i know he was just here 
JADE: i can smell him 
JADE: degbear? 
JADE: what... 
JADE: ah 
JADE: you cant fool me dave 
JADE: i will track him down sooner or later 
JADE: in any case it doesnt matter 
JADE: i came here to see you, not him 
JADE: come with me
JADE: out here 
JADE: we have some work to do
JADE: youre going to need to upgrade your weapon 
JADE: yes 
JADE: that may very well be the case 
JADE: but it will be useless against lord english 
JADE: wouldnt you prefer a weapon that is capable of inflicting damage against him? 
JADE: of course you would 
JADE: this isnt even up for discussion 
JADE: now give me the deringer 
JADE: we have all been traveling for three long years. what better way to celebrate our reunion than with a little alchemy? :) 
JADE: HAR HAR 
JADE: gimme the sword 
JADE: it needs a special ingredient 
JADE: something which represents his only known weakness, but hasnt been properly weaponized 
JADE: i do 
JADE: i get all my intelligence on such matters from the old lady 
JADE: shes had centuries to hatch a plan to settle her score 
JADE: over time shes uncovered many secrets about him 
JADE: that is not relevant! 
JADE: bark bark bark!!! 
JADE: i already have it right here 
JADE: in fact ive had it for about as long as i can remember 
JADE: it was right under my doggy snout all along
JADE: remember this? 
JADE: dave are you lying to me? 
JADE: but i found it on your planet 
JADE: it must have gotten here somehow 
JADE: its not an egg! 
JADE: you really have a one track mind when it comes to certain things 
JADE: davesprite was like that too... i just figured it was because he was part bird 
JADE: but no, here you are going on about bird things too just like him :p 
JADE: mm hmm 
JADE: and just because i have these pointy ears doesnt mean i wouldnt kill for some snausages right now! 
JADE: ..................... 
JADE: maybe ._. 
JADE: its a cueball dave! 
JADE: sigh 
JADE: i see its still impossible to have a serious conversation with you, whether you are a sassy bird or not 
JADE: i thought regular dave might have matured a little over three years but i guess i was wrong 
JADE: pardon? 
JADE: are you telling me you have seen this sword before dave 
JADE: how is that possible? 
JADE: ..... 
JADE: you sure seem to break swords a lot 
JADE: :| 
JADE: dave i admit this is a peculiar turn of events, but i think you are overreacting 
JADE: omg 
JADE: youve really spent way too much time alone with karkat havent you 
JADE: what this? 
JADE: earth
JADE: its small because i shrunk it 
JADE: cause im a space witch 
JADE: duhhh 
JADE: he did 
JADE: but i snuck through a portal and nabbed it! 
JADE: then i hopped right back through the gate before everything blew up 
JADE: i was in and out like a bandit 
JADE: you know, i like to think i make a pretty good witch, especially since i turned wicked and all... 
JADE: but maybe i would have made an even better thief! 
JADE: what do you think jane? do you think i missed my true calling? 
JADE: come to think of it, the new empire probably doesnt need anymore thieves 
JADE: we already have the greatest thief of all running the show 
JADE: she even managed to steal both of us away from all our pals, didnt she jane? ;) 
JADE: hehe 
JADE: isnt she a riot guys? 
JADE: it wont be earth for much longer 
JADE: it will home to the new empire 
JADE: i will deliver it to the universe we create 
JADE: or i should say the one YOU create 
JADE: if you are obedient and complete the tasks you are assigned, you may have a place in the empire among the subservient classes 
JADE: karkat i had almost forgotten how much i missed our repartee
JADE: thank you for reminding me, that outburst was beautiful 
JADE: if youre frustrated by the way im treating you look at it this way... im not asking you for passwords anymore am i? 
JADE: sorry karkat, there is no password. not this time 
JADE: if you continue to list meat products then im afraid the only thing you will unlock is my fearsome doggy hunger 
JADE: and believe me, you dont want to see me when im doggy hungry
JADE: but if you insist on hounding me (hehe) for some sort of explanation, its all pretty simple 
JADE: we all recently arrived in this brand new session... janes session actually 
JADE: this is jane btw. say hi jane 
JADE: lol 
JADE: jane is actually my biological mother believe it or not 
JADE: shh! 
JADE: but her session was taken over by the woman who you might call our mutual great grandmother 
JADE: shes an alien. a very powerful troll queen actually 
JADE: karkat you are the one who demanded an "UNINTERRUPTED SPATE OF HARD, UNEMBELLISHED DATA" 
JADE: ill thank you to not to yell at me for doing exactly what you requested 
JADE: her imperious condescension is control now 
JADE: she intends to carry out the remaining objectives to complete the session 
JADE: those tasks will be distributed among several recently recruited agents of course 
JADE: (thats you!) 
JADE: this should come as a relief to you since it means you and she are not in opposition at all 
JADE: in fact you share all the same goals! 
JADE: the only difference is that when the time comes she will be the one claiming the ultimate reward 
JADE: the spoils will be hers not ours... get it? 
JADE: excellent 
JADE: what you will need to do is ready the young frog for its journey to skaia 
JADE: i will prepare skaia to receive it by deploying the battlefield from our old session 
JADE: this will bring fertility to the void session and allow the frog to mature when he completes his journey 
JADE: no! 
JADE: i already made one actually 
JADE: dont you remember?? 
JADE: really your job is so easy 
JADE: theres no more frog breeding involved at all 
JADE: when the time is right, you just have to release the one thats already there 
JADE: it fell into the forge 
JADE: in the years since it has sunk all the way down to the planets core 
JADE: but as it happens that is exactly where it should be! 
JADE: my denizen is now guarding it 
JADE: as im sure kanaya already knows it will not be released unless you travel there and formally request that she do so 
JADE: i already did 
JADE: echidna will not speak with me 
JADE: it is not important why, and it changes nothing 
JADE: she said she would only speak with another hero of space 
JADE: that would be kanaya 
JADE: she also cryptically requested the presence of the knight who once helped her with breeding duties 
JADE: karkat i gather that would be you 
JADE: i dont know karkat 
JADE: that is your problem, not mine 
JADE: maybe you should try feeling grateful she asked for you 
JADE: youre getting the chance to set right what went so horribly wrong 
JADE: to atone for your hasty first attempt at frog breeding which resulted in a terminal universe 
JADE: if i were you i would feel pretty relieved to get a second chance, but thats just me :p 
JADE: i would be careful about the slurs you bandy about, particularly those targeting my canine qualities which i am sensitive about and therefore find to be really really mean 
JADE: you should be aware that i have already threatened to kill some people today so watch your step mister 
JADE: its true though i am very threatening 
JADE: and this girl right here? 
JADE: shes even worse 
JADE: she hasnt even said a WORD... that is TERRIFYING! 
JADE: jeez even im nervous 
JADE: and kanaya dont think you are safe from our threats just because you happen to be a vampire 
JADE: we have ways of handling the undead 
JADE: jane here? 
JADE: she has the power to bring people back to life 
JADE: although it is my understanding that this ability is limited to a one time only use per individual 
JADE: you do know what sort of effect her resurrection spell will have on undead targets... 
JADE: you dont? 
JADE: i thought it was common knowledge 
JADE: when you cast healing magic on a zombie or dracula they die!
JADE: i dont know... 
JADE: isnt that how it works in stories and games and such 
JADE: seems pretty logical to me 
JADE: SIIIGH 
JADE: i can see a demonstration will be in order 
JADE: jane 
JADE: if you would be so kind
JADE: GOTCHA!!!!!
JADE: john stop that
JADE: no wait!
JADE: EEEEEEGBEEEERRRRRRRRT!!!!! 
JADE: oh i am so mad 
JADE: grrrrr.... 
JADE: GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
JADE: AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
JADE: her imperious condescension has duly noted your ridiculous tantrum
JADE: now take your welsh sword
JADE: since you have obviously been identified as the one who must deal english his fatal blow we will need to make sure you are battle ready
JADE: and you do not seem very battle ready to me dave
JADE: show me what you can do
JADE: i will not hear another word of such appalling slander about this fine weapon
JADE: its colorful and its silly and its a sword
JADE: end of story
JADE: as for why i can wield it, i surpassed the need for a strife specibus quite some time ago
JADE: havent you climbed any more god tiers over the last few years?
JADE: what were you even doing on that meteor
JADE: what badges do you have on your kiddie camper handysash?
JADE: i asked you first
JADE: dave
JADE: we both know neither the kiddie camper handysash nor the badges sewn onto it are real objects
JADE: yeah...
JADE: why not?
JADE: our empress can hardly have a knight with such rusty combat skills in her service
JADE: en garde!
JADE: im gonna go through the vaguely nefarious motions of kicking your ass in a minute if you dont put up your dukes!!!
JADE: by using your time trickery!
JADE: come on dave do your timey thing
JADE: get creative, make lots of copies of yourself or something... outsmart me!
JADE: yes!!!
JADE: !!!!!
JADE: grrr
JADE: dave, just try a little time travel to get this fight started
JADE: see look, one of your time doubles is surely predestined to come from a few minutes in the future and appear behind me for a surprise attack, riiiight about...
JADE: now!
JADE: ...
JADE: no wait
JADE: riiiiiiiiiight...
JADE: ...
JADE: ...
JADE: NOW!
JADE: ....
JADE: .....
JADE: dave why is your future self being such a wet blanket
JADE: :\