EB: i got a little monsters poster, it's so awesome. i'm going to watch it again today, the applejuice scene was so funny.
EB: ok thats fine, but i just have one question and then a word of caution. have you ever seen a movie called little monsters starring howie mandel and fred savage?
EB: all im saying is don't you think monster howie mandel has the power to do something as simple as reseal a bottle?
EB: try using your brain numbnuts.
EB: it was the 15th day in a row howie mandel peed in his juice.
EB: no.
EB: did you?
EB: game bro is a joke and we both know it.
EB: alright.
EB: yes, it is understandable because you are really attractive. i am attracted to you.
EB: jk haha.
EB: no, i don't have it yet.
EB: my dad has the mail and i guess i have to go get it from him and see if it's there.
EB: and i've been busy spending all afternoon shitting around with my stupid sylladex.
EB: it's so frustrating.
EB: what?
EB: oh. like one at a time i guess. and if i put too much in, something falls out.
EB: what is yours?
EB: what the hell is that?
EB: i guess.
EB: no.
EB: well, i've got a hammer but it's trapped under some arms.
EB: how?
EB: ok, i did it.
EB: yeah.
EB: uh...
EB: yeah, that's fine i guess. i can't imagine it's going to be all that relevant.
EB: that's an ugly rumor.
EB: whoever told you that is a filthy liar.
EB: and you should probably stop hitting on him all the time or whatever.
EB: anyway i still haven't checked the mail, my dad has it.
EB: i'm trying to go get it from him, so brb
EB: what?
EB: no, why would you even think that??
EB: that's so stupid.
EB: alright, wish me luck.
EB: oh, btw...
EB: jk I was wearing a funny disguise this whole time.
EB: gotcha! hehehehe
EB: i discovered a comet that is going to destroy the earth, and it was named after me. 
EB: now i am famous, and everyone wants to talk to me a lot.
EB: mcconaughey.
EB: those are my dad's.
EB: oh, what?! no man, cage is sweet. so sweet.
EB: i do things ironically sometimes.
EB: what about what i sent you for your birthday?
EB: what? no, they're stupid, which was the joke. the IRONIC joke. get it?
EB: wait...
EB: you're actually wearing them, aren't you?
EB: you do realize they touched stiller's weird, sort of gaunt face at some point.
EB: yeah.
EB: yeah, there's a big red one.
EB: i would, but it's trapped under the sburb beta, so i will probably open it after i install the beta.
EB: yeah! wanna play it?
EB: why not!
EB: where'd she go.
EB: ok, i will.
EB: whoa ok but i just got the most awesome present.
EB: SO SWEET.
EB: ha ha, what?
EB: oh the game, ok.
EB: i don't really know how this works. what am i even looking at here?
EB: oh, ok then.
EB: whoa, what are you doing??
EB: is my magic chest on the roof now??
EB: :(
EB: hey, do you think you could do me a favor?
EB: can you grab all that stuff outside my broken window and bring it in for me?
EB: thx!
EB: :C
EB: wow, ok.
EB: what do they do?
EB: how do i move stuff around? it sounds fun!
EB: what??
EB: no!
EB: oh man.
EB: i think i might know where it is.
EB: good idea!
EB: ugh, i was fussing with my retarded sylladex.
EB: but i think i have it under control now.
EB: what modus do you use?
EB: oh no, that sounds so awkward.
EB: why is the floor shaking?
EB: are you dropping more stuff in my house?
EB: sweet!
EB: what is with all these big contraptions?
EB: huh.
EB: to what end?
EB: i mean what are we supposed to be doing in this game?
EB: hey, i'm out on the balcony now.
EB: i am messaging from my dad's pda.
EB: no, i am telling you.
EB: it jumped out of my sylladex like a frightened weasel.
EB: what? no.
EB: those were all accidents.
EB: please take your psycho-babblery elsewhere, miss!
EB: oh man, see this isn't cool.
EB: all this snooping nonsense!
EB: yes. there is.
EB: ok, if that will satisfy your weird ocd complex then go ahead.
EB: in your case, probably!
EB: anyway...
EB: i am going to have a look at this enormous platformy thing you put on the balcony.
EB: whoops what?
EB: what was that noise?
EB: is this something i should go investigate?
EB: augh!
EB: the what?
EB: oh hey!
EB: no, not yet.
EB: oh!
EB: yes, but it is in my dad's car and he is still out at the store.
EB: he should be back soon.
EB: i am up to my neck in this sburb stuff.
EB: TT is making a royal mess of my house.
EB: oh, it is this game.
EB: it's ok i guess. i'm still figuring it out.
EB: what was what?
EB: wow, really?
EB: oh man, alright but be careful, ok?
EB: oh hell no, you put this thing in front of the door?
EB: um, YEAH???
EB: you mean you thought it was elegant?
EB: ok well what do i do with this thing.
EB: hello?
EB: what are you doing up there now?
EB: you can see me, right.
EB: tell me what is wrong with this picture.
EB: haha, yeah I hear you.
EB: i know!
EB: what about going outside?
EB: maybe you could catch a neighbor's signal.
EB: It's dark already?
EB: haha, um, ok.
EB: what is this thing?
EB: and what is that clock counting down to?
EB: ok.
EB: weird.
EB: well, i mean it is a new game.
EB: this thing keeps following me around.
EB: i think it's trying to talk to me or something.
EB: hmm, ok.
EB: well, you are the one with the cursor so just do whatever you think is the right thing to do!
EB: also, fix my bathroom.
EB: i still can't understand this thing's gobbledygook.
EB: the clock is ticking.
EB: we don't have time for this asinine tomfoolery.
EB: extravagant hogwash!
EB: ok stop
EB: stop typing whatever silly thing you're typing.
EB: i'm going upstairs to the big platformy thing.
EB: ??
EB: oh man who cares about the bathroom, now there's a meteor heading for my house!!!
EB: i don't know, maybe! what do i do!
EB: wow, FASCINATING.
EB: ??????
EB: ok i'll do that.
EB: oh man, the bunny was awesome, but i don't have time to talk, i'm playing sburb and it's kind of a nightmare.
EB: TT is breaking everything in my house.
EB: and now there's a meteor coming, and i'm not even joking about that!!!
EB: it's like a big asteroid or comet or something.
EB: in the sky.
EB: heading right for my house!!!!!!!!
EB: i dunno.
EB: big, i guess.
EB: i gotta go!
EB: we'll talk later if i am still alive and the earth isn't blown up.
EB: alright, i used the lathe to make this blue shapey thing.
EB: now i guess i take it back to the alchemixer again?
EB: hello???????
EB: uh...
EB: hurry up and open my door!!!!!!
EB: not that it even matters, i think i'm probably dead no matter what!!!!!!
EB: ???
EB: so what is it, like an apple or something?
EB: what good will that even do?
EB: do we have enough of those building jewels to make it?
EB: hey, yeah i'm here!
EB: and not dead i think.
EB: oh man, sorry, i was looking around for my dad and i can't find him anywhere!
EB: have you seen him?
EB: yeah, like where am i??
EB: wow, ok.
EB: so then i guess if this is all the game's doing, then the point is for us to save the world?
EB: then we'd better get moving and figure this game out!!!
EB: ok.
EB: wait, rose! one thing...
EB: you never even wished me a happy birthday!
EB: um... hello?
EB: haha, oh jeez, that is silly!
EB: anyway, thanks!
EB: i'm fine i guess.
EB: since i got here i feel compelled to do these weird things i don't really want to do.
EB: by some kind of voice that i can't really even hear. i don't know, it is hard to explain.
EB: yeah, maybe. who knows!
EB: Ok. I will go back inside.
EB: what? oh man, you're going to use that?
EB: that sucks, what a stupid idea!
EB: but the cake mix... ugh, that's so dumb.
EB: fine.
EB: i GUESS.
EB: OH YES, SWEET!!
EB: now we're talking!
EB: aw man, where'd it go?
EB: what, there's a fire??
EB: oh jeez!
EB: so move this thing already!
EB: how much do you have?
EB: oh.
EB: hmm.
EB: i thought about jumping to the car from the ledge earlier but that sounds really dangerous!
EB: dude, i don't have time for your nerdy raps!
EB: it sounds like you don't even believe me that i was about to get blown up!
EB: but i really was, but now im in some weird dimension that sburb sent me to or something.
EB: and now on top of that i think i'm being haunted by my dead grandma!
EB: yeah, it's true but i'll talk to you later about it!
EB: man, see i just don't think all the rapping stuff is really as cool as you think it is.
EB: no, i have to go! bye!
EB: whoa, ok.
EB: but the door is locked!
EB: but it's my dad's car :(
EB: alright.
EB: oh hi!
EB: was it by any chance a meteor?
EB: oh man, it's kind of a long story!
EB: anyway, are you ok? did it blow up your yard or start a fire or anything?
EB: well gosh, he's probably right!
EB: er...
EB: yeah, i was trying to get it, but rose dropped my car into a weird spooky bottomless pit and the package was in the car and im really sorry about that.
EB: wow, ok, i guess i should start at the beginning.
EB: see, a meteor blew up my neighborhood.
EB: but i'm ok! and my house is too, sort of.
EB: that game i was telling you about, sburb which i was playing with rose, sort of transported me somewhere at the last minute.
EB: but now i'm trapped here and it's weird and dark and i can't find my dad and i just lost the car and my copy of the game in the pit and i think i have to save the world from the apocalypse!!!
EB: wow, you think so?
EB: well ok, BUT.
EB: it's not even that simple!
EB: i was about to connect to rose to help transport her and save her from meteors and fire and stuff.
EB: but she lost battery power and i lost the game disc!
EB: so i think i have to get TG to use his copy to save her!
EB: but that jackass won't shut up and stop rapping and stuff.
EB: yeah. anyway i should talk to him about it, so brb.
EB: aaaaaarrrgh!
EB: stop rapping for a second you horse's ass!
EB: i have something important to talk about.
EB: rose is in trouble and she needs help. i was going to connect to her with sburb but i lost my copy!
EB: also she lost battery power. if she can get back up and running, she'll need someone with the game to get her out of there before her house burns down.
EB: so i think you should use your copy of the game to help her!
EB: why?
EB: i thought you said you had two?
EB: ok, well get his then!
EB: whatever.
EB: also you might want to read rose's walkthrough to get up to speed on this.
EB: what?
EB: /ROLLS EYES
EB: i got a little monsters poster, it's so awesome. i'm going to watch it again today, the applejuice scene was so funny.
EB: ok thats fine, but i just have one question and then a word of caution. have you ever seen a movie called little monsters starring howie mandel and fred savage?
EB: all im saying is don't you think monster howie mandel has the power to do something as simple as reseal a bottle?
EB: try using your brain numbnuts.
EB: it was the 15th day in a row howie mandel peed in his juice.
EB: no.
EB: did you?
EB: game bro is a joke and we both know it.
EB: alright.
EB: oh, good!
EB: yeah, there is no sign of rose yet, i hope she is ok
EB: you mean that cheap piece of shit you have on your wall?
EB: ok i don't really care.
EB: i'm in my room again, i really think there's someone else in this house.
EB: like monsters or something.
EB: haha I WISH.
EB: maybe. yeah you're right.
EB: ok ok stop!
EB: what do i do?
EB: hmm...
EB: ok, i guess i can read up on data structures some more.
EB: how's it going there?
EB: hahaha.
EB: oh god.
EB: SO LAME.
EB: see...
EB: i just don't know why you think it's cool.
EB: his ventriloquist rapping thing.
EB: that's fine, you are entitled to your opinion, i am just saying that being a white guy who is a rapper with a ventriloquist doll is not cool by any stretch of the imagination or by any definition of word cool, ironic or otherwise. that's all i'm saying.
EB: yeah, more like the opposite of all those things is the thing that is true!
EB: i'm going to read.
EB: good luck with your bro.
JOHN: um... nanna?
JOHN: wow, you scared the living daylights out of me!
JOHN: well, i guess it was a really great prank. good one nanna.
JOHN: anyway, are you REALLY my dead nanna?
JOHN: ok, i guess i will take your word for it. i don't remember you at all! my dad said i was really young when you died.
JOHN: hey speaking of which, do you know where he is??? i looked everywhere for him!
JOHN: oh no!
JOHN: what? ok, so what is the medium you are talking about?
JOHN: you mean because we are inside a computer, or in the game software or something?
JOHN: well, uh, it's like this machine that, uh...
JOHN: oh, ok.
JOHN: i'm not sure i get it, but alright.
JOHN: so what do i actually need to be doing here?
JOHN: ME??
JOHN: wow, really? then what's the point?
JOHN: whoa!!!
JOHN: how am i supposed to get up there?
JOHN: ok, i think i get it now!
JOHN: so i guess the battle against good and evil is sort of irrelevant? well, i don't know, that all sounds kind of weird, but in any case, we build the house to get to these gates, and then i can save my dad!
JOHN: and then after that, we solve this ultimate riddle thing and save earth from destruction!!!
JOHN: oh...
JOHN: and that is?
JOHN: thanks, nanna.
JOHN: hooray!
JOHN: ...
EB: so i can see.
EB: stupid lousy imps.
EB: they're mucking up all my cool stuff!
EB: oh, yeah.
EB: sorry!
EB: i'm not sure what came over me there, i was acting really crazy for some reason.
EB: but my head feels like it's clearing up, i think i'm alright now.
EB: rose my piano!!!
EB: :C
EB: i guess you're right.
EB: so...
EB: that means i have to go out the back door?
EB: well it may sound dumb, but i was hoping to avoid nanna and her spooky ghost cookies.
EB: can you see her in the kitchen? 
EB: what's she doing, is she baking?
EB: are you SURE you can't get that grist up to me somehow?
EB: on what?
EB: oh yeah. ok.
EB: blargh!
EB: well, what are you building?
EB: oh man...
EB: i could have warned you about stairs, rose!
EB: IT KEEPS HAPENING
EB: i told you rose
EB: i TOLD you about stairs!
EB: did you know he thinks puppets are cool?
EB: he's so dumb!!
EB: wow, that was so totally unnecessary!
EB: you mean these stairs?
EB: man, look at these shitty stairs...
EB: they're so narrow! i'm supposed to climb those?
EB: so why didn't you just build a way up through that hole into my dad's room?
EB: no.
EB: huh?
EB: oh come on. what's the big deal, i'll just climb up and go right through!
EB: yeah, why not?
EB: well, i mean yeah...
EB: wait, are you saying there's something, like...
EB: troubling in there?
EB: what do you mean? what do you see in there?
EB: oh.
EB: pfff...
EB: whatever!
EB: i think i can handle a few more stupid clown paintings.
EB: oh yeah, you're right.
EB: dammit!
EB: whoa, did you just make all these??
EB: sweet, thanks!
EB: what did you do with all the blue wobbly vase-looking things?
EB: ok.
EB: i combined the cards in the lathe thingy and made this!
EB: it is so sweet, man look at me go.
EB: thanks!
EB: i got the idea from harry anderson.
EB: uh, you know the show night court?
EB: oh.
EB: well bottom line is...
EB: he's awesome
EB: that's really all there is to say on the matter!
EB: hey, that was a pretty, uh...
EB: nice...
EB: uh...
EB: ... save.
EB: oh, yeah.
EB: that.
EB: this is pretty comfy.
EB: why don't you just like,
EB: carry the bed around with me on it?
EB: up to the gate up there!
EB: oh.
EB: lame!
EB: well, ok.
EB: all that scurrying around kind of wore me out, i think i'm going to rest here for a bit.
EB: rose, can you keep the imps at bay? like, drop some stuff on them if they sneak too close.
EB: what, come on!
EB: oh alright.
EB: i'm just gonna rest my eyes here a second though.
EB: whoa, there you are!
EB: it's ok, i am making some progress, and rose finally connected again so she is helping me now.
EB: oh but, like...
EB: i don't think i am actually saving the world here. :(
EB: i dunno what i'm really accomplishing but i guess it's not that.
EB: yeah, you're probably right.
EB: but, um...
EB: i don't think i mentioned nanna to you, did i?
EB: hmm, i dunno, maybe you talked to rose or dave about it or something.
EB: they're really weird when they talk to me about you, like they're always trying convince me you have some spooky powers, but i'm always like no she seems like a pretty regular girl to me!
EB: but then when i think back maybe there are times when it seems like you know some things?
EB: like maybe you know more about a thing than you are telling me? i dunno.
EB: waiting for what!
EB: oh yeah.
EB: what ever happened with that?
EB: yeah i know, tell me about it!
EB: maybe you should like, wear an alarm clock or something.
EB: so what was the deal with the meteor?
EB: so what is it???
EB: or is this just another thing you're "waiting" to tell me???
EB: huh?
EB: AUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
EB: stop being so confusing!!!!
EB: rose, why aren't you dropping something on that thing??
EB: oh no
EB: D:
EB: oh, hey!
EB: you're back.
EB: oh, so you mean dave connected with you?
EB: um, ok.
EB: i don't really think i get it.
EB: is this relevant?
EB: ok, later!
JOHN: ok nanna, i will.
JOHN: hey, nanna?
JOHN: since i am trying to get up to that gate, and since you can sort of conjure floating beds and throw me around and all...
JOHN: couldn't you just throw me up to the gate?
JOHN: oh, ok, i guess that's what i figured.
JOHN: so just one more thing...
JOHN: do you think that instead of telling me exactly why that is with a clear explanation, you can give me a series of really coy riddles about it and then sort of giggle?
JOHN: ha ha, i guess.
JOHN: i suddenly understand everything!
EB: oh whoa hi!
EB: oh...
EB: gonna make some stuff.
EB: are you ok? hasn't your house been on fire for like...
EB: five hours now?
EB: wow, congrats i guess?
EB: nah.
EB: his bro is probably busy kicking his ass.
EB: that's probably all there is to say on the matter.
EB: yeah, ok i hear you, but...
EB: i think we'll have plenty. i've been killing imps all over the house and now its lousy with gushers.
EB: i mean grist.
EB: serves them right for ruining my posters. the bastards.
EB: don't you see? my sweet movie posters. look at them, they're fucking ruined.
EB: ??????
EB: uh, YEAH?
EB: VERY FUNNY ROSE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
EB: NICE JOKE
EB: GREAT JOKE THERE ROSE
EB: TOP OF THE LINE PRANK
EB: HE HE
EB: HA HA HA HA HA
EB: yes
EB: YES
EB: LET'S KEEP THIS JOKE GOING
EB: BECAUSE IT IS SUCH A GOOD ONE
EB: HA HA HA HA
EB: OH MY
EB: HA HA HA HA HA HA
EB: HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
EB: ok, while i make some stuff here can you keep an eye out for imps?
EB: just keep the safe or tub handy or something.
EB: it'll serve them right for trashing my posters.
EB: AND I KEEP TELLING YOU HA HA VERY FUNNY
EB: yeah, i saw those, but...
EB: they didn't look like that before. you must have changed them.
EB: then why didn't you TELL me they were there???
EB: ok, it still doesn't make sense though.
EB: implying that i drew them a while ago and then forgot and couldn't see them and now suddenly see them.
EB: that's stupid, what would that even mean.
EB: yeah.
EB: oh no, i just realized!
EB: you are going to psycho-therapify me.
EB: well don't bother!
EB: maybe...
EB: /EYES SUSPSICIOSLY
EB: anyway i guess you saw what's in there, it's boring and there's not much to even see.
EB: well...
EB: i don't know, at first i was nervous to go in and find more of his weird clowns, because of course they are stupid and i hate them a lot.
EB: but then when i didn't see any, it was weird.
EB: i felt weirdly, like... disappointed almost.
EB: yeah, i guess.
EB: uh no, maybe not.
EB: but what are you getting at?
EB: it sounds like you're saying i'm crazy!
EB: oh god.
EB: see?? this is therapy bullshit!
EB: why now?
EB: but this is absurd, my dad LOVES these shitty clowns.
EB: he's got all these statues and paintings EVERYWHERE.
EB: i dunno.
EB: not sure about all this.
EB: but i think we need to stop and acknowledge the bunny sassacre fedora i just made.
EB: yeah.
EB: wow, what are you doing by the way?
EB: rose, sorry to say but this is all looking kind of silly!
EB: yeah no shit!
EB: ok, but you really must be running low on time by now, right?
EB: STRIIIIIIDEEEERRRRRRRR!!!!!
EB: oh hey!
EB: no, not yet.
EB: oh!
EB: yes, but it is in my dad's car and he is still out at the store.
EB: he should be back soon.
EB: i am up to my neck in this sburb stuff.
EB: TT is making a royal mess of my house.
EB: oh, it is this game.
EB: it's ok i guess. i'm still figuring it out.
EB: what was what?
EB: wow, really?
EB: oh man, alright but be careful, ok?
EB: oh hi!
EB: was it by any chance a meteor?
EB: oh man, it's kind of a long story!
EB: anyway, are you ok? did it blow up your yard or start a fire or anything?
EB: well gosh, he's probably right!
EB: er...
EB: yeah, i was trying to get it, but rose dropped my car into a weird spooky bottomless pit and the package was in the car and im really sorry about that.
EB: wow, ok, i guess i should start at the beginning.
EB: see, a meteor blew up my neighborhood.
EB: but i'm ok! and my house is too, sort of.
EB: that game i was telling you about, sburb which i was playing with rose, sort of transported me somewhere at the last minute.
EB: but now i'm trapped here and it's weird and dark and i can't find my dad and i just lost the car and my copy of the game in the pit and i think i have to save the world from the apocalypse!!!
EB: wow, you think so?
EB: well ok, BUT.
EB: it's not even that simple!
EB: i was about to connect to rose to help transport her and save her from meteors and fire and stuff.
EB: but she lost battery power and i lost the game disc!
EB: so i think i have to get TG to use his copy to save her!
EB: but that jackass won't shut up and stop rapping and stuff.
EB: yeah. anyway i should talk to him about it, so brb.
EB: whoa, there you are!
EB: it's ok, i am making some progress, and rose finally connected again so she is helping me now.
EB: oh but, like...
EB: i don't think i am actually saving the world here. :(
EB: i dunno what i'm really accomplishing but i guess it's not that.
EB: yeah, you're probably right.
EB: but, um...
EB: i don't think i mentioned nanna to you, did i?
EB: hmm, i dunno, maybe you talked rose or dave about it or something.
EB: they're really weird when they talk to me about you, like they're always trying convince me you have some spooky powers, but i'm always like no she seems like a pretty regular girl to me!
EB: but then when i think back maybe there are times when it seems like you know some things?
EB: like maybe you know more about a thing than you are telling me? i dunno.
EB: waiting for what!
EB: oh yeah.
EB: what ever happened with that?
EB: yeah i know, tell me about it!
EB: maybe you should like, wear an alarm clock or something.
EB: so what was the deal with the meteor?
EB: so what is it???
EB: or is this just another thing you're "waiting" to tell me???
EB: huh?
EB: AUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
EB: stop being so confusing!!!!
EB: rose?
EB: are you there?
EB: i went through the gate, nanna said you might be here too.
EB: are you in kind of this spooky glowy place with oily rivers and stuff?
EB: let me know ok.
EB: hi jade!
EB: guess where i am.
EB: yeah!
EB: wait how did you know that's where the gate goes...
EB: did you talk to rose? can she still see me while im down here?
EB: she won't answer.
EB: oh man.
EB: he sounds like such a handful.
EB: but it's ok, i think he is mostly just looking after you.
EB: like a guardian angel or something.
EB: if i were you i would take him out behind the woodshed and give him a big hug.
EB: oh? what game?
EB: what, i thought you didn't even know what sburb was!
EB: oh ok.
EB: where did you even get it?
EB: wow.
EB: the thing you just said doesn't even make the slightest bit of sense.
EB: oh really?
EB: this is news to me.
EB: oh yeah, i think so. it'll be kind of a long walk though, this place is huge.
EB: okay.
EB: wait, how did you know my dad's car fell down here?
EB: jeeeeeeeeeeez!
EB: ok fine well color me suspicious anyway.
EB: miss knowitall mcpsychicpants.
EB: ok sure i am convinced.
EB: you have convinced me. 
EB: (PSYCHIC PSYCHIC PSYCHIC)
EB: also i told you the package was in the car but i never mentioned that the game was there too.
EB: so kind of totally busted i guess.
EB: GIVE ME A P
EB: GIVE ME AN S
EB: ok, that is fair.
EB: aaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggghhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
EB: how did you find me?????
EB: i changed my chum handle to ditch you guys.
EB: how did you find me?
EB: uh...
EB: lame.
EB: what, the last few months?
EB: ok, this time i'll believe you that you aren't human.
EB: because the skepticism center of my brain is starting to wear kind of thin i guess.
EB: but you're still a major asshole and i don't actually want to talk to you, so bye.
EB: hahahahahaha!
EB: oh man, look at this outburst of little human words i'm saying!
EB: from my human mouth!
EB: that's the dumbest thing i've ever heard.
EB: wait...
EB: you have something to do with this game, don't you?
EB: i should have known.
EB: friendship isn't an emotion fucknuts.
EB: why are you kissing my ass?
EB: what do you want? why don't you just tell me what's going on.
EB: are you in the medium?
EB: like, here in this land, with the clouds and oil and stuff?
EB: so why don't you just explain it again so i know...
EB: so i don't ask so much in the future???
EB: wow, yeah you're totally not trolling me, bro!
EB: i see now we are bffs forever.
EB: oh, ok.
EB: so what do you want.
EB: yeah, i don't blame her for not answering.
EB: she pretty much can't stand you guys.
EB: because of all the trolling you did before.
EB: remember?
EB: maybe. 
EB: we'll see.
EB: i'm still not really sold on this friendship thing yet.
EB: but i've got to go now and get on with my petty little quests.
EB: so talk to you in the future i guess.
EB: jerkface.
JOHN: nanna, are you there?
JOHN: i just saw my house from below. what gives? why did the gate take me down here?
JOHN: huh. alright. so i guess i scramble around down here until... uh, until what?
JOHN: ok, so i get to that gate and go in. then what? where does it take me? uh... further up maybe? but i haven't even built that high yet.
JOHN: yeah, well, i do nanna but i'm still not really getting it. does the next gate down here take me back up to the house or something?
JOHN: (please don't say hoo hoo hoo)
EB: rose?
EB: are you there?
EB: i went through the gate, nanna said you might be here too.
EB: are you in kind of this spooky glowy place with oily rivers and stuff?
EB: let me know ok. 
EB: bluh bluh bluuuuuhhhhh.
EB: ok, what words would you use, miss wordypants mcsmartybluh.
EB: umm...
EB: i haven't found an ocean yet.
EB: but i dunno, the place is really big.
EB: it's like a whole planet down here.
EB: oh man, which reminds me.
EB: i just got hounded by a troll.
EB: yeah well, they say they want to be friends, also they're playing sburb but like not the same session as ours or something.
EB: oh also they're moving backwards in time, which sounds really retarded, but whatever.
EB: yeah, i guess answer him if you want. or not.
EB: but anyway, it's great you made it here alive and stuff!
EB: so dave came through?
EB: for what?
EB: oh, haha.
EB: yeah, i'd feel kinda weird if dave was watching me too.
EB: rose i feel weird when you're just TALKING to me, when you're watching me it's just like the weird frosting on the big weirdo cake.
EB: yes i'm freeeeeeeeee :D
EB: ok, i'm going to go over this river and through these woods.
EB: you talk to your troll i guess.
EB: we'll compare notes later.
EB: who?
EB: oh, that's right...
EB: the leetspeaking blind one.
EB: go away!
EB: which one, the blindness or the leetspeak.
EB: sorry.
EB: wow, you drive a hard bargain!
EB: but nooooooooooooo.
EB: yeah, well you're a huge...
EB: oh man, whatever, what do you even want.
EB: do you have a braille screen or something?
EB: i don't really understand.
EB: so you can "see" my whole future there, right?
EB: by just like, scrolling around on some computer thing that lets you pick what time to talk to me?
EB: how can you be bored by my long boring future, why don't you just scroll around to wherever you want like the other weirdos are doing?
EB: oh ok, that sounds really great and helpful!
EB: sounds dumb.
EB: but if it means you're going to help me, then go ahead and help me i guess.
EB: whoa, you've got a map?
EB: where'd you get it?
EB: can i have it?
EB: ok.
EB: this is the worst crap i have ever seen.
EB: what am i looking at here?
EB: ok sorry but it's useless.
EB: what's with these colors.
EB: couldn't you just, like...
EB: crop the world map.
EB: i thought you guys were THE BEST.
EB: you mean The Breeze?
EB: sure.
EB: what?
EB: i am just acting out a scene from an awesome movie and having some fun, what's wrong with that?
EB: no, it's about these criminals on a runaway plane, and they've got to be stopped by nick cage and john cusack together as a team.
EB: it is sweet, so sweet, you would probably like it.
EB: hahaha, oh man, that sucked so bad!
EB: don't you have alien movies from your alien planet?
EB: ok, so what is a really good one?
EB: well, i already laughed when you said the name of one of ours, so who cares?
EB: wait...
EB: this is the title?
EB: how do you even say them in casual conversation?
EB: ok, i just think it's still cumbersome and completely illogical.
EB: well, i've got one of your godly players helping me now, so we can't be in such bad shape.
EB: GC gave me a map.
EB: and showed me a shortcut.
EB: ok.
EB: umm...
EB: uh, sorry i guess?
EB: i don't know why you guys are doing this to yourselves.
EB: all this time jackassery, it's giving me a headache.
EB: ok.
EB: i like how you guys have basically resorted to trolling each other, through us.
EB: oh, did you talk to jade yet?
EB: ummm, that's what you said you wanted to do last time you talked to me, i dunno.
EB: yeah, you told me dude.
EB: want me to paste the conversation?
EB: ok.
EB: but next time you talk to me, you might want to tell me to calm down first so i don't just block you.
EB: back then i won't really want to hear from you.
EB: later.
EB: it was carcino.
EB: yeah, sorta.
EB: he has no idea what you're doing.
EB: oh, he said to give you a message...
EB: he wants you to touch his bone lump or something.
EB: and that he's pretty much basically in love with you.
EB: yeah, i dunno, pretty much.
EB: ohhh no, we're not going down that road!
EB: besides, it was a private conversation among private gentlemen colleagues.
EB: oh, also you're going to punch him.
EB: i guess in your future.
EB: but in your pretty soon future i think.
EB: it's when he says stuff to you and then you laugh at him.
EB: also he says you said it's from me.
EB: pffff, i don't care!
EB: i'm just the timey-wimey messenger here.
EB: oh, wow.
EB: what's that?
EB: my denizen?
EB: ok...
EB: so you want me to go down there and kill him?
EB: won't that be, uh, kinda hard?
EB: oh?
EB: so what's my advantage?
EB: um, ok.
EB: what's the point of releasing the grist hoard?
EB: is it just so i can make tons more sweet loot?
EB: what's the ultimate alchemy?
EB: alright.
EB: so this is the seventh gate?
EB: that'll take me into the palace and down to the sleeping denizen?
EB: the rocket pack?
EB: ok...
EB: but you can't just "subtract" object codes from other codes!
EB: it's like, mathematically, um...
EB: ambiguous.
EB: like just reverse AND/OR'ing the flower pot alone could make hundreds of possibilities.
EB: subtracting all three could be millions!
EB: wow, what?
EB: oh man, you have a hacker??
EB: i bet he is THE BEST!!!!
EB: hackers are always the best.
EB: who is it?
EB: have i talked to him?
EB: uh, ok.
EB: brb then.
EB: ok here...
EB: dskjhsdk
EB: um, no.
EB: they sort of are random.
EB: but it's the right code, i promise!
EB: hello?
EB: it thought you said you'd be back in less than a second?
EB: oh...
EB: i just thought that was just you going off to get the code...
EB: and making like this rockety noise or something, i dunno.
EB: because you're kind of goofy.
EB: oh gosh, i'm sooooo sorry!
EB: this is just a stupid code, i'm sorry.
EB: are you sure it's right, it seems kind of...
EB: obvious.
EB: bluuuh, oh man, i got so served, bluuuuuuuuuh!
EB: well you see, the explanation is perfectly simple and scientific.
EB: it was because shut up.
EB: shut up is why.
EB: i guess i'll make this rocket now.
EB: and see if this dumbass code actually does the trick.
EB: in where?
EB: oh, already?
EB: huh, i guess time flew by while i was doing other stuff.
EB: how did it go?
EB: with you and jade i guess?
EB: ew dog! ewwww!
EB: so nasty! gross dude!!!
EB: i'm in a rocket pack and i am about to blast off into space.
EB: it should be sweet.
EB: hmm...
EB: have you asked rose?
EB: wow, really?
EB: i don't really know, i mean...
EB: it's supposed to be like your ghostly spirit guide or something.
EB: unless you have the remains of a wise old dead grandparent lying around, i'm not sure what to tell you!
EB: i don't know, just do what it says!
EB: it knows stuff about the game, so it probably knows better than i do...
EB: i gotta go!
EB: gonna blast off to the seventh gate.
EB: and, uh, win this game i guess.
EB: later.
EB: in where?
EB: oh, already?
EB: huh, i guess time flew by while i was doing other stuff.
EB: how did it go?
EB: with you and jade i guess?
EB: ew dog! ewwww!
EB: so nasty! gross dude!!!
EB: i'm in a rocket pack and i am about to blast off into space.
EB: it should be sweet.
EB: hmm...
EB: have you asked rose?
EB: wow, really?
EB: i don't really know, i mean...
EB: it's supposed to be like your ghostly spirit guide or something.
EB: unless you have the remains of a wise old dead grandparent lying around, i'm not sure what to tell you!
EB: i don't know, just do what it says!
EB: it knows stuff about the game, so it probably knows better than i do...
EB: i gotta go!
EB: gonna blast off to the seventh gate.
EB: and, uh, win this game i guess.
EB: later.
EB: what?
EB: ugh...
EB: huh?
EB: pfffff.
EB: lame.
EB: what kind of gullible stooge do you think i am?
EB: this is like some terrible april fools prank.
EB: but 13 days too late.
EB: remember, you are talking to the pranking MASTER.
EB: if future you is real, then why don't you let me talk to him.
EB: hold on, someone else is bugging me.
EB: hahaha!
EB: wow, you're really pulling out all the stops for this stunt!
EB: using your phone and computer at the same time to message me.
EB: you're kind of going through a lot of trouble actually, i don't know why you're bothering with this.
EB: you can't track down through time WHAT YOU CAN'T CATCH!
EB: pchoooooo!
EB: no...
EB: but that would have been sweet if i did just then.
EB: ok, i guess...
EB: yeah, of course!
EB: there was no way i wasn't trying out this sweet ride.
EB: relax, i'm not going through the gate!
EB: i am just flying around, and having a good time in the sky.
EB: um...
EB: ok, i don't know anything about that...
EB: but it doesn't matter!
EB: you're my best bro, and if you say not to go then i won't go.
EB: hey, can you hold on?
EB: i'm getting trolled again.
EB: ok, brb.
EB: humans aren't hatched as larvae dummy.
EB: we don't hatch at all.
EB: we are born as these like little pink monkeys called babies.
EB: what did i say?
EB: i thought you didn't like going down that road?
EB: copy-pasting future/past conversations...
EB: i dunno, that's what you just told me.
EB: hahaha!
EB: i was punking you dude!
EB: or at least i will be in our next conversation.
EB: thanks for the great prank idea.
EB: i don't know, it was just a friendly prank.
EB: don't you ever play pranks?
EB: i mean, of course you do, one of you just tried to prank me good.
EB: pffffff, you'll find out.
EB: well, we're friends by then, aren't we?
EB: or sort of like, uh, reverse anti-mutual friends.
EB: look, you're going to have to face it at some point...
EB: that you're learning the meaning of this human emotion called friendship.
EB: yes, absolutely.
EB: dude, you've been doing the same exact thing!!!
EB: you never answer my questions, though.
EB: how am i supposed to know what's going on, or what you're alluding to?
EB: ok...
EB: what's the point of the game.
EB: augh!
EB: fine.
EB: where are you now?
EB: no no, i know that!
EB: you already told me.
EB: yes, in your future.
EB: what i mean is...
EB: are you in your house right now, or in one of your magical lands, or what?
EB: just curious cause you can see me, but i can't see or know anything about you!
EB: what's that?
EB: derse?
EB: well jeez, how am i supposed to know any of this??
EB: ok, so the veil is a bunch of meteors...
EB: what do you mean "what's left of it"?
EB: ok...
EB: so then it's up to us to save it?
EB: ok, but it sounds like we've got plenty of time before that happens, right?
EB: oh no...
EB: what is it?
EB: yeah, well...
EB: maybe you're wrong!
EB: maybe there's something we can still do to stop it, if you just help us?
EB: ok, we'll see about that, mr. sourbulge.
EB: hey, aren't you kind of uncomfortable sitting on a meteor?
EB: are you all huddled in a crater or something?
EB: seeds?
EB: um...
EB: well, what kind of crazy shit is there?
EB: weird.
EB: wow, i don't think i'm following this.
EB: ok, but wait...
EB: can you give a message to GC for me?
EB: tell her nice try.
EB: oh, well i thought you'd be cool with it since you asked me to give her a message for you last time.
EB: but whatever.
EB: what's this?
EB: oh man, let me drop everything and go there, because i'm in such a huge hurry to take more of your advice!
EB: yeah, well, dave said i did, and i believe him!
EB: i don't know, i thought you were ok for a while, but now you are kind of giving me the creeps!
EB: what?
EB: you mean my earth jesus?
EB: do you have a troll jegus?
EB: wow, really?
EB: or is this a joke?
EB: well...
EB: neither do i, i guess.
EB: it's pretty much not anything.
EB: um...
EB: ok.
EB: i'll take a look.
EB: ARGH!
EB: she tricked me again.
EB: GC.
EB: she told me how to get to the 2nd gate.
EB: so i went through, but it took me to rose's house instead.
EB: another prank!
EB: oh...
EB: then, i don't really get this.
EB: wow, ok.
EB: ok...
EB: how do you know all this?
EB: oh yeah...
EB: you're the orange dave.
EB: hey no offense, but do you think i could talk to the real dave for a second?
EB: wow, calm down!
EB: i'm sorry, that's not really what i meant...
EB: i mean, of course you're a real dave, but what i mean is...
EB: the dave from my time is also my friend, and i guess he's in the same boat i'm in, not knowing stuff and all.
EB: and i'd feel bad keeping him out of the loop!
EB: oh, hey.
EB: i think i pissed off your future self.
EB: i said he wasn't the real dave.
EB: i think i might have really hurt his feelings though!
EB: why not?
EB: ok.
EB: i'm in rose's room by the way.
EB: yeah, but she's asleep!
EB: ok.
EB: sure!
EB: hey dave...
EB: in case i forgot to say so before...
EB: thanks for saving my life!
EB: man, i don't know how i feel about that!
EB: i don't really like the idea of capering around her room while she's asleep, it feels weird.
EB: i'm going to wake her up.
EB: a future thing?
EB: well, yeah, she won't wake up.
EB: so i guess so.
EB: but i'm not snooping!!!
EB: yeah.
EB: they look sorta like journals.
EB: i don't think i should read those!
EB: uh, ok.
EB: umm...
EB: wait a minute!
EB: i see what you're trying to do.
EB: i won't tell you the code for rose's books!
EB: ok...
EB: i guess.
EB: yeah there's a code.
EB: HAHA DAVE,
EB: I THINK ALL THIS LAUGHING MADE ME POOP IN MY PANTS TOO HARD.
EB: oh, yeah, i think it might be.
EB: yeah, maybe.
EB: i wonder if she finished...
EB: she was so tight lipped about the damn thing! i am really curious.
EB: so what is this?
EB: the thing the code made...
EB: how do you know?
EB: i thought you couldn't use hammers.
EB: who's that?
EB: you killed him for it?
EB: how'd you get it then?
EB: ok.
EB: what point?
EB: oh man, i must be getting closer to the conversations where you're trolling me harder!
EB: this is pretty exciting, i can't wait to see what you've got up your sleeve.
EB: anyway, you weren't making a point about the ultimate riddle, dude.
EB: nope, we never talked about it.
EB: yet...
EB: oh, you're just starting to figure that out now?
EB: oh my god, i know, you've already told me like a million times!!!
EB: man, i've got to say i'm a little disappointed by this "masterful trolling" you were bragging about.
EB: maybe, but that would be pretty weak too!!!
EB: w/e.
EB: so what was the "case in point" you were making, anyway?
EB: whoa, i am?
EB: wait...
EB: these are baby versions of us?
EB: well...
EB: i saw footage of my nanna, and some other people who i am pretty sure were like jade's grandpa and rose's mom and stuff from a long time ago.
EB: and then...
EB: there were all these little guys scurrying around.
EB: so they are like cloned copies of us?
EB: huh?
EB: what do you mean they are literally us?
EB: do they go back in time?
EB: what is the riddle anyway?
EB: maybe i can guess, i am good at riddles!
EB: a distaction, perhaps?
EB: nevermind.
EB: ok.
EB: well, if i run into some salamanders who tell me all about this riddle and get really excited about it, i will try to act surprised.
EB: so this is the same kind of thing you went through?
EB: with, like, being your own paradox clones and creating your own parents and stuff?
EB: how did that even work, with 12 of you?
EB: huh...
EB: yeah, i guess now that you mention it, i am finding it all a little strange...
EB: no, no, i mean the ghost stuff and paradoxes are one thing of course...
EB: it's something else.
EB: it's just...
EB: this is really weird...
EB: well, normally humans hatch...
EB: from like these slimy pods.
EB: then we wriggle out as a little pink larva.
EB: (hehehehehehehe)
EB: um...
EB: sure...?
EB: hey, i have an idea.
EB: why don't you get back to me in a few minutes?
EB: i mean like a few minutes of my time, not yours.
EB: all of these little pink monkeys are getting way out of line and i have to tend to them.
EB: if you message me in a couple minutes, we can continue conversing in a sane, linear fashion for a change!
EB: and then after that you can keep going backwards and then make fun of me riding my little red rocket.
EB: you can tell me i look like a silly little paradox clone fresh out of my slime tube and this is just all a big nurseytime recess jamboree.
EB: that would burn me good!
EB: (hehehehehehehehehehehe)
EB: yeah!
EB: wait!
EB: i was just looking at all these rascals, and i was wondering...
EB: how they go back in time and become us and stuff.
EB: does it have something to do with the reckoning?
EB: you told me.
EB: we had this great dare going.
EB: to see who could be the least helpful and informative.
EB: and you totally lost, dude!
EB: you were hella helpful.
EB: oh, wow.
EB: is that the title of a movie too?
EB: ha ha, that isn't even true and doesn't make sense!
EB: well yeah, the dare never happened, i was joking around and made that up to give you hard time.
EB: i am wearing a lab coat!
EB: sort of...
EB: that's bullshit!
EB: do you even have elves?
EB: uh, what?
EB: ok.
EB: wait!!!
EB: so that means...
EB: we are all sort of like superman?
EB: cool!
EB: yeah, superman is pretty cool, i guess.
EB: did you know nicolas cage was almost going to play superman one time?
EB: wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
EB: get back to me in a couple minutes, ok?
EB: sure, i guess.
EB: what are you talking about?
EB: ok...
EB: i was sort of mulling it over while looking at all these babies with guns and sitting on ponies and things...
EB: and how the reckoning takes them back.
EB: and how you said our reckoning starts sooner.
EB: are you sure it has to start so soon? can't we delay it?
EB: oh... dang!
EB: i guess i better get off this meteor then!
EB: ok, well you keep saying how doomed we are and how all this bad stuff happens sooner, but you never say why!
EB: what happens in our game that's different from yours that makes things go so badly?
EB: who is jack noir?
EB: so you didn't have him in your game?
EB: i see.
EB: so after he got exiled and all that, he came here into our game and caused all this trouble?
EB: ummmm...
EB: crash bandicoot?
EB: like an ace?
EB: ok, i think i get it.
EB: but how did he do that? what was different about what we did versus what you did?
EB: oh no!
EB: what is the worst thing?
EB: dammit!
EB: oh, hey...
EB: sorry, hold on, this little lady is bugging me about something.
EB: oh!!!!!
EB: oh man, i just had THE BEST idea, this is so perfect.
EB: a blonde mother and daughter together, this is totally perfect.
EB: it is like that scene in con air, i will give her the bunny like i am nick cage fresh out of the slammer.
EB: i wish i had a filthy wifebeater on, oh well.
EB: hi karkat!
EB: oh man.
EB: this is it, isn't it?
EB: i've been looking forward to this!
EB: no, i mean this is the first conversation between us, from your perspective.
EB: right?
EB: yeah, lots of times!
EB: actually...
EB: i should introduce myself properly.
EB: hi karkat, i am john!
EB: because we are buddies!
EB: yup, we totally are.
EB: we just became earth human buddies in a kind of weird way.
EB: you decide to keep talking to me backwards through my adventure.
EB: and then when you are done with that you come back and talk to me more recently on the timeline for a while.
EB: you talk to my friends a whole bunch too.
EB: you and your alternian troll buddies help me and my earth human buddies hatch a plan!
EB: which we are busy putting into motion right now, as you can see.
EB: yeah yeah, i know.
EB: you mean the scratch?
EB: yes! that is the plan.
EB: you yourself said it was the only hope now.
EB: heheheh.
EB: egbert.
EB: man...
EB: i knoooow.
EB: none of this is news to me, karkat!
EB: but to be quite honest, it doesn't sound like your intentions were all that great.
EB: wanting to be tyrants and all.
EB: maybe you got what you deserved, you stutid fuckass!
EB: eh, it's an in-joke, never mind.
EB: anyway, hey!
EB: i thought this was supposed to be the conversation where you do all that AMAAAAAZING TROLLING!
EB: come on bro, flame me!
EB: i have been really excited about this.
EB: um...
EB: i don't know, probably not.
EB: i just think it's kind of funny when you do it.
EB: right about what?
EB: ha ha, i don't hate you!
EB: wait...
EB: are you saying that we are kisme-whatevers?
EB: er...
EB: uh.
EB: well...
EB: i just didn't really have any idea that you had any sort of feelings like that, so i am kind of caught off guard.
EB: hey, i don't have a problem with your weird sort of alien hate-love thing!
EB: it is just that, uh...
EB: i am not a homosexual.
EB: it is like, when a boy likes another boy.
EB: or i guess hates, in this case.
EB: yes.
EB: shrug. it just is.
EB: i am just as confused by your troll shenanigans.
EB: so many shenanigans!
EB: anyway, i kind of got the impression that you and terezi were a thing.
EB: like, i dunno.
EB: going on weird fight dates and beating the crap out of each other, and being in hate-love or love-hate.
EB: isn't that how it works?
EB: ew.
EB: um, i talked to you...
EB: and her...
EB: and some others. i don't know! like i said it's just a sense i got.
EB: sorry!
EB: oh god, the quadrants...
EB: ok, sheesh!
EB: karkat, i am going to be honest...
EB: this first conversation is not going how i thought it would at all!
EB: it is really kind of...
EB: awkward.
EB: yeah...
EB: well...
EB: um...
EB: yeah, well we never really talked about it in the past, so i guess we do agree to that.
EB: told you bro!!!!!!!
EB: hahahaha.
EB: you mean platonic hate?
EB: oh yeah.
EB: oh boy, this sounds great.
EB: but...
EB: we're out of time!
EB: i have to go put this plan into motion.
EB: :D
EB: see you soon!
EB: heheh. i am pronouncing that like a really long "june".
EB: that is so many o's.
EB: you typed my name in 64 bit.
EB: have i talked to you before?
EB: i'm pretty sure i remember you. you hassled me a long time ago.
EB: i think you threatened to kill me at some point.
EB: well, yeah, i know that about you guys by now.
EB: but also i know that it is probably not exactly an empty threat!
EB: since one of you already managed to trick me into getting myself killed.
EB: well, in another timeline at least.
EB: terezi?
EB: huh. it never really occurred to me to ask what your names are.
EB: kinda rude of me!
EB: what is yours?
EB: man, that sounds so made up!
EB: but if you say so, marquise.
EB: oh, ok.
EB: ok, i will be sure to let my guard down.
EB: psyche!!!!!!!!!
EB: oh damn, that was 9 !'s.
EB: !!!!!!!1
EB: shit!
EB: never mind.
EB: anyway, nice meeting you spinneret.
EB: if you don't mind, i would like to try to go back to sleep.
EB: i was dreaming about something important.
EB: oh god, i forgot!
EB: poor jade... :(
EB: i hope she is alright.
EB: yeah, you're right.
EB: i have to hurry and go save her!
EB: see ya!
EB: oh yeah...
EB: duh, stupid stupid dumb.
EB: do you know where i am supposed to get it?
EB: hmm...
EB: ok?
EB: meh.
EB: so, you seem to like 8's a whole bunch, and i guess you are like, kind of spidery themed or something?
EB: haha, spiders are gross!
EB: jade is not answering!
EB: are you sure she's ok?
EB: oh...
EB: you mean carcino geneticist?
EB: heheh. car cat. that is how i am saying that.
EB: beep beep, meow!
EB: i will have to remember to give him a hard time about that.
EB: it is really not hard to do that.
EB: i never even saw prospit.
EB: aside from flaming bits and pieces of it i guess.
EB: something happened, and it blew up, and dream jade died, and then i was wandering around this place that was like a chess board with a huge crater in it, with loads of dead black and white guys everywhere.
EB: oh, huh.
EB: my dad was there.
EB: um, you know...
EB: my guardian?
EB: yes. if by hive you mean house.
EB: um...
EB: these observations are very alien of you.
EB: but that's pretty cool i guess, seeing as you are an alien.
EB: the funny thing is, he is not even really my dad.
EB: i mean, i was adopted by him, although we are not actually unrelated, i think.
EB: he is the son of my grandmother, who isn't really my grandmother...
EB: nanna is sort of like my biological mother, and my biological father would be jade's grandpa, sorta.
EB: both of which i just created, with slime and stuff, and sent back in time as babies.
EB: so i guess, if anything, that makes my dad...
EB: my half brother???
EB: tell me about it!
EB: but i know where i'm going!
EB: terezi already made me a map.
EB: first she made a really crappy one, then a really nice one that works kind of like google.
EB: she started helping me after she tried to kill me.
EB: wow, how could i possibly know that!
EB: you mean like a candle light hate date?
EB: oh...
EB: well then, thanks, i guess?
EB: why do you want to be so helpful, anyway?
EB: i mean, with her i got the sense she was being kind of jokestery about it, which is something i can understand.
EB: but why bother helping, if we aren't going to win anyway?
EB: you guys.
EB: it is practically all you ever say.
EB: that is nice to know.
EB: yes, i think i would be.
EB: but why else?
EB: we are supposed to create a universe?
EB: no!
EB: why are we supposed to do that?
EB: oh. that's true, i guess.
EB: you did?
EB: hmm...
EB: i don't know what to think about that.
EB: hurrrrr oh man what a burn!
EB: (j/k it was actually lame.)
EB: well to be honest, i never really believed any of your guys's doom and gloom nonsense.
EB: not because i think you are lying...
EB: i just feel like there must still be a way to win!
EB: yes, i agree.
EB: also, there is always hope for someone who has good friends to count on!
EB: um, i don't know. you can see my future, can't you?
EB: how much time am i wasting?
EB: then i would venture to guess i am wasting time because you chose to pester me just now!
EB: i mean, i was just pausing for a moment...
EB: to look at my trashed movie posters.
EB: they bring back memories, of a life that i guess is long gone now.
EB: but you probably know what that is all about.
EB: it wasn't even that long ago, but it already seems like forever since i was on earth!
EB: it was a pretty nice place, i bet you would have liked it.
EB: well, what about you? do you miss your planet, and your parents and such?
EB: oh. that's too bad.
EB: but you see, that is where you are wrong. these films are the finest earth has to offer!
EB: no, no. i drew those clowns in my sleep, for some reason.
EB: this one here is so great. it is about this street tough renegade who did hard time behind bars, and wants nothing more in the world than to reunite with his loving wife and daughter. but not so fast! he has to go on crazy and dangerous escapades through the sky with a motley assortment of rogues led by john malkovich, who is wise to cage's heroic nature and pure heart. they tether a grumpy police man's awesome car to the plane and smash it, and then later they crash into some casinos. cage gets out of the wreckage and hugs his family, and i usually tear up a little.
EB: that is my working troll title for the movie, i hope it was ok.
EB: yeah, well you are hilariously WRONG!
EB: here, hang on, i will show you.
EB: http://tinyurl.com/hullohumminburr
EB: oh, but you will probably have to use your troll thingy to rewind time or whatever, to before the earth internet blew up so you can watch it.
EB: i guess??
EB: ok, suit yourself.
EB: but there it is, in case you are ever hankering after some incredible movie magic.
EB: ok, good idea.
EB: oh, the goggles are cool and all, but they kind of restrict my vision stupidly when i'm using them!
EB: i should remember to make a new hands-free device, that is less obtrusive.
EB: maybe after i make a new computer so i can install this game.
EB: yeah, but i can use one of my old previously punched cards.
EB: what?
EB: put what away? what are you talking about?
EB: my pail?
EB: you mean this bucket here?
EB: umm...
EB: i'm really not following. what do you have against buckets?
EB: shame over what?
EB: it's just a bucket! you know, for putting soapy water in and cleaning stuff with.
EB: why, what do trolls use them for?
EB: wow... uh. that is definitely pretty odd.
EB: but ok, i'm sorry you saw my bucket. i will just chuck it out the window i guess.
EB: well i was GOING to but you started babbling at me!
EB: jeez, spinneret.
EB: ok, then what is it!
EB: *ROLLS EYES*
EB: all eight gross spidery eyes!
EB: oops i mean !x8.
EB: oh yeah.
EB: hey rose!
EB: how are you doing? i don't even remember the last time we talked.
EB: i have been so busy.
EB: and it looks like you have been too.
EB: i mean, hopy shit!
EB: my house is HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE!
EB: oh.
EB: well, it must have cost a fortune!
EB: how much?
EB: torrented?
EB: you got her to do that? but she's an old lady! also, a ghost.
EB: also, she is really tricky, and plays lots of pranks.
EB: did she try to prank you?
EB: huh.
EB: i guess you enjoyed the prankster's gambit on that exchange then.
EB: oh yeah...
EB: what's up with the alchemiter?
EB: it looks weird.
EB: did you get nanna to do that too?
EB: the salamanders??
EB: they aren't very smart...
EB: i'm surprised they even understand what to do.
EB: yeah...
EB: uh...
EB: what exactly does that mean?
EB: what have you been doing this whole time???
EB: well,
EB: i have been talking to a lot of trolls, for one thing.
EB: they sure are a talkative bunch!
EB: and then i cloned some slime babies in the veil.
EB: yes. um...
EB: ok, long story short is, jade is my slime clone sister, and dave is your slime clone brother, and we were all born today!
EB: yes?
EB: oh.
EB: umm...
EB: then i fell asleep, and woke up on the battlefield.
EB: oh!
EB: rose, i am fairly sure i saw your mom!
EB: well, it was a nice and proper looking lady, with a pink scarf, so...
EB: i dunno, who else would that be!
EB: fine, i guess...
EB: she was with my dad.
EB: yeah!
EB: happy?
EB: wow, i dunno.
EB: i don't really know her well enough to say, i guess?
EB: plus, i was a little distracted.
EB: maybe i will find out next time i go to sleep.
EB: now stop being so spookily mysterious and tell me what you've been doing!
EB: investigating what?
EB: its scope?
EB: oh, rose, did you know that we are supposed to be creating a universe with this game?
EB: i think that's pretty neat!
EB: so you believe the trolls then?
EB: it is?
EB: that's a bit of a bummer!
EB: i am still skeptical about that, though.
EB: huh?
EB: that's stupid.
EB: i'm not your leader, i am your FRIEND, there is a BIG difference!
EB: pff.
EB: laaaaaaaame.
EB: so, if you're sure that we are going to fail...
EB: what is the point of everything we're doing?
EB: um...
EB: i mean, what are we actually shooting for here?
EB: i suddenly don't understand anything.
EB: oh hey.
EB: but...
EB: it is bill cosby.
EB: he's back.
EB: in laptop form.
EB: excuse me, but spending just a little quality time with my man bill here is not a w8stey w8ste at all.
EB: no amount of 8's in words will make that true.
EB: of course i do! jeez!
EB: ok, i'm going.
EB: what?!?!?!
EB: i am going to blast off and fly a little higher, to see if i can find nanna up there!
EB: and then i will install the game.
EB: it will only take a second!
EB: jeez!!!
EB: you are incredibly bossy.
EB: more like marquise bossyfangs.
EB: no, you did not tell me that you like to play troll dungeons and dragons.
EB: i will find out what your name is, i am tricky and i have ways.
EB: i don't know what i'm going to do next!
EB: apparently what i thought i was going to do next was wrong, so why don't you tell me?
EB: has it occurred to you that i might be wasting so much time because you keep pestering me telling me how much time i'm wasting?
EB: and then when i'm about to make progress you tell me i am doing the wrong thing!
EB: if it weren't for you i would be playing this game already.
EB: but it isn't!
EB: oh...
EB: but why would i do that? my ecto labsuit is rad!
EB: :(
EB: what is a boy skylark?
EB: actually, i think i remember passing that rung on my echeladder a while ago.
EB: who cares what i dress like? it is what's inside the adventurer that counts.
EB: why are you taking such an interest in my fashion, anyway?
EB: ha ha, it sounds like you have a really lame culture.
EB: laaaaaaaame.
EB: oh, ha ha...
EB: i didn't even count. it just...
EB: turned out like that.
EB: yeah.
EB: er...
EB: ok, anyway, i will make a new suit, but i am not ditching my ectosuit!!!
EB: it is so sweet, i look like link, if zelda was a quest about an elf scientist.
EB: i am the wind waker. it's me.
EB: jegus?
EB: how do you know about jegus? do you even know what that is?
EB: no. well, yeah kind of.
EB: it is a misspelling of an adult male bearded human, who was magic.
EB: shrug!
EB: uh, yes. it is.
EB: i dunno. i found it, and i decided to captchalogue it for some reason.
EB: frogs are pretty cool.
EB: huh. ok...
EB: apparently it is considered illegal contraband.
EB: why would a frog be illegal?
EB: bossy!!!!!!!!
EB: bossy bossy bossy bossy bossy bossy bossy bossy.
EB: to the eighth power.
EB: times eight infinities!!!
EB: that was nine !'s.
EB: so, uh...
EB: red sneakers, some jeans, a tee shirt, and another shirt...
EB: this is the fabulous outfit you had in mind?
EB: it's pretty cool and all...
EB: i was just picturing something...
EB: more elaborate? like maybe more adventurey.
EB: what?
EB: ok, jeeeeeeeez.
EB: pchoo.
EB: ha ha, just messin' with ya.
EB: pchoooooooo!
EB: ok...
EB: marquise bossyfangs mcsekret, this has been a lot of fun...
EB: but i have to go talk to my pals now, and also rescue jade!
EB: that's too bad.
EB: how long will it be?
EB: ha ha, i guess...
EB: ok, i will try.
EB: thanks for all the help. bye, ms. serket!
EB: Anderson.
EB: (hehehehehehehehe)
EB: hey dave!
EB: wow, it's been a while since we talked, hasn't it.
EB: i think the last time i talked to you, i was doing exactly what im doing now...
EB: which is blasting off from my house.
EB: or was it?
EB: wow, i can't remember...
EB: oh.
EB: you mean like the trolls?
EB: are you using the troll time chat gizmo?
EB: oh ok. is this dave sprite?
EB: well, excuse me, but i still think time travel sounds kind of special.
EB: sorry you are so jaded by awesome shit!
EB: what is it?
EB: boondollars? i thought they didn't do anything.
EB: what do they do?
EB: what do they buy?
EB: uh...
EB: how much do you need?
EB: oh, fuck that!!!
EB: but you just said it wasn't useless!
EB: really? when?
EB: how far in the future are you from?
EB: i thought we only had something like 24 hours until, like...
EB: game over.
EB: wow. how...
EB: i don't get how that works!
EB: but, doesn't going back in time make an alternate reality?
EB: i thought that's what happened with dave sprite, he came back to make sure i didn't die and this is a new timeline now.
EB: daves, plural?
EB: oh, man.
EB: help?
EB: sounds like you have been talkin' to some trolls!
EB: they seem to be getting more talkative lately.
EB: yeah, that makes sense.
EB: i guess since you've lived three days in one day, you've just been hassled that much more?
EB: heheh.
EB: so what is the future like?
EB: or uh, the 3x future...
EB: do we win???
EB: but...
EB: i worked hard saving up that money!
EB: i have a whole boonbuck now.
EB: :(
EB: tell me what you want with it!
EB: lohacse?
EB: um...
EB: lohac?
EB: oh, huh.
EB: that sounds unpleasant.
EB: your unpleasant face is what kicks ass!
EB: or DOESN'T, more like.
EB: j3gus?
EB: *narrows eyes suspiciously...*
EB: i don't even know how to give it to you!
EB: they are just more weird gaming abstractions, how do we do this?
EB: i'm really pretty busy you know. i have to help jade!
EB: bluh...
EB: fiiiiiiiine.
EB: who?
EB: hey vriska!
EB: ok, i still cannot find my nanna up here, so now i am just installing this game.
EB: what are you up to?
EB: why not? you guys do it all the time.
EB: bluh...
EB: that's dumb. i'm going to talk to you whenever i want!
EB: well, i didn't know it was your name for sure until you just told me now.
EB: so, haha.
EB: heheh, i am not telling.
EB: a true wise guy never reveals his tricks.
EB: nuh uh!
EB: anyway, i was just wondering if you had a chance to watch that awesome video i linked you to?
EB: you know...
EB: the one about the renegade hero who busted loose from the slammer to save the day.
EB: just do it, you won't be sorry.
EB: i mean, when you are not so busy and have less irons in the fire or whatever.
EB: ok, i am starting this game now and saving jade, like a street tough maverick with nothing to lose.
EB: see ya, vriska!
EB: oh, damn...
EB: fuck.
EB: oh no.
EB: which conversation is this for you? your second or so?
EB: i mean...
EB: the second time you have spoken to me?
EB: or first??
EB: oh.
EB: i thought you were going backwards though.
EB: memo?
EB: uh...
EB: ok.
JOHN: nanna, what the heck!!!
JOHN: really?
JOHN: but nanna, did you know he is not really my dad? and also, i am not technically your grandson.
JOHN: you are actually sort of my mother.
JOHN: huh, oh yeah.
JOHN: don't you find it all a little strange?
JOHN: heheh.
JOHN: so where have you been, nanna? i have been looking all over for you.
JOHN: you have?
JOHN: yeah!
JOHN: now i am an ectobiolo...
JOHN: ectobiblio... shit!
JOHN: (oops! sorry.)
JOHN: ectobioblobabby sitter.
JOHN: damn it, you know what i mean.
JOHN: thanks!
JOHN: boon?
JOHN: ok. what is it?
JOHN: oh cool, that is great!
JOHN: hmm, i guess it has been a good while!
JOHN: i've been snacking on gushers a whole lot. bluh...
JOHN: i never realized how terrible they were, actually.
JOHN: oh boy!
JOHN: wow, hmm...
JOHN: uh... no?
JOHN: really? already?
JOHN: naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!
EB: whoa, hey!
EB: you're awake!
EB: oh, yeah.
EB: i am pretty sure that i...
EB: he?
EB: am/is fine.
EB: i woke up on the battlefield which was on fire, and had flaming bits of prospit everywhere.
EB: oh, you mean jack?
EB: that is his name, karkat told me.
EB: i saw him there too.
EB: oh!!!!!
EB: i also got your present, and it saved my life!
EB: yes, the bunny was so awesome, it was definitely the best bunny i got today.
EB: thank you so much, jade!
EB: when jack saw it, he flew the hell away. and then the bunny and i went on an adventure together.
EB: does the bunny have a name? i asked him but i don't think he can talk.
EB: oh, i did not even think of that.
EB: well if she grew up as a girl, then it's not right for me to suddenly make her a boy.
EB: hmm...
EB: you have no idea how tempted i am to name her casey again.
EB: yes, i named a young salamander casey earlier, but then i left her at rose's house.
EB: yes, but she was asleep.
EB: also, apparently i am supposed to marry rose. karkat said so.
EB: it is true, it is a fact from an alien.
EB: heheh, i did not take him that seriously.
EB: but karkat is cool, he is angry and funny.
EB: haha, no!
EB: that sounds kind of awesome.
EB: i've got it.
EB: i will name her liv tyler.
EB: the bunny.
EB: yeah!
EB: it's too bad i can't marry liv instead of rose.
EB: the girl i mean, not the bunny.
EB: but i guess she is probably dead now, along with all the other glamorous movie stars who come out to shine on the silver screen.
EB: that's pretty sad.
EB: the lab?
EB: oh, no. why?
EB: ok. why, is there a secret in there?
EB: what is it?
EB: oh...
EB: errr...
EB: i have sort of already seen... that.
EB: not in the lab, but on the battlefield.
EB: it's ok.
EB: i was so confused and sad when i saw you lying there...
EB: i'd rather not talk about it i guess.
EB: but, i wonder...
EB: if your dream self died...
EB: then what were you just dreaming about now?
EB: ok, that's cool.
EB: oh, also...
EB: i found your ring.
EB: yes...
EB: but then i woke up, and didn't have it anymore.
EB: so i am not sure where it is now.
EB: oh, whoa.
EB: ok, i will do that.
EB: hey jade, we have a lot to catch up on, but how about later?
EB: we have to hurry, remember there is a big meteor heading for you right now?
EB: i will find out now!
EB: oh fuck!
EB: ok, we have 10 minutes and 25 seconds.
EB: why would it be significant?
EB: numbers don't always need to have significance!
EB: ok, well the number is now less than it was, and therefore less significant.
EB: and by less, i mean more! you had better hurry upstairs and make your special item.
EB: hey, what do you think we should prototype this fussy little orb with?
EB: heheheh, it seems like so long ago that rose fed mine a clown.
EB: we were just messing around, we didn't even know what we were doing.
EB: yeah...
EB: it's almost like your grandpa put all this crap here knowing we'd have to make that decision.
EB: he seems like he was an awesome guy, i would have liked to have the chance to talk to him.
EB: oh?
EB: huh...
EB: wait, are you saying we will prototype him?
EB: like i did with nanna, to bring her ghost back to life?
EB: as...
EB: another ghost?
EB: i guess that makes a lot of sense, actually.
EB: yeah, also he brought back himself from the future.
EB: who... wasn't dead, but was going to die maybe? i dunno.
EB: specifically to save my life, as well as yours, i think.
EB: yes.
EB: it's pretty neat, i guess.
EB: i just messaged him, he is not answering.
EB: ehhh, he's fine, he has been doing a lot of time traveling.
EB: i talked to him from the future, so he must be ok now to make it that far.
EB: yes, that is why we need to get you in the loop!
EB: the loop being the game. hurry upstairs! your transporty pad thingies take you straight up, right?
EB: oh, wait!!!
EB: what do we do about prototyping?
EB: we shouldn't put your grandpa in yet, unless we want lots of imps and ogres and stuff that look like your grandpa.
EB: we could put in something really lame, to make all the monsters weaker!
EB: or at the very least, more ridiculous looking.
EB: like one of these weird pictures of blue ladies lying around.
EB: what's the deal with those, anyway?
EB: i guess we could just put nothing in and see what happens.
EB: i don't see why not.
EB: maybe i will ask rose, because she suddenly understands everything for some reason.
EB: we have ten minutes to think about it.
EB: whoops! i mean a lot less than ten minutes!
EB: hurry upstairs, go go go!!!
EB: what is this thing, anyway??
EB: and why is it blocking your transporter?
EB: typheus?
EB: like the web browser?
EB: hmm, i don't know...
EB: if you think numbers always mean something, why wouldn't browser names?
EB: wow, you sure do hate that thing!
EB: i think it is pretty cool.
EB: and he is actually sort of cute to be honest, :p
EB: oh, and screw you, typheus is an awesome browser!
EB: it is old school.
EB: typheus is the best and that's really all there is to say on the matter.
EB: oh please.
EB: i will have you know, miss fancy computer dork...
EB: that i DID upgrade my computer.
EB: yes, you are talking to the proud owner of a brand new BILL COSBY COMPUTER, ok?
EB: it is a stylish laptop in the shape of none other than bill cosby, the comedy LEGEND himself.
EB: he is looking a little sly, and fatherly, and he is wearing a sweater, and he is bill cosby.
EB: i made it with my alchemiter.
EB: then you will just have to make lots of NEW awesome stuff!
EB: ok hold that thought, im going to yank this stupid monster off of the thing.
EB: augh!!!!!!!!!!!
EB: i am making such a fucking mess in here.
EB: oh, nothing.
EB: i am just dropping monsters all over the place, that is all.
EB: are you upstairs?
EB: ok, good.
EB: i left the cruxite by the lathe, as well as the punched card with the green thingy on it.
EB: you should have plenty of time to make it. no drama here!
EB: a little more than 6 minutes.
EB: in the meantime, i will try to contact rose and get this prototyping nonsense sorted out.
EB: it's so confusing...
EB: in my foolishness, i came very close to prototyping your grandpa.
EB: we very nearly had to face our grandfatherly paradox-dad as a last boss.
EB: that would probably be the worst case scenario.
EB: rose, i have a question, and i am in a hurry!
EB: so hurry up and answer!!!
EB: oh.
EB: it is?
EB: ok, haha, that's a confusing thing you said, but that topic will have to wait!
EB: jade is minutes away from entering, and i need to decide what to do with this kernel sprite.
EB: i really don't want to mess up and do something stupid.
EB: i was thinking about not prototyping at all, to not give the monsters any new powers.
EB: what do you think, rose?
EB: i thought i'd ask since you seem to know all the mysteries.
EB: yes.
EB: that is exactly what i was going to say.
EB: um...
EB: ok?
EB: bluhhhhhh...
EB: rose, tick tick tick!!!
EB: oh, wow.
EB: you mean like when i died in another dimension, because terezi hornswoggled me?
EB: what's not?
EB: oh, ok, i see.
EB: well, uh...
EB: is there anything you can tell me?
EB: what?
EB: oh no!
EB: then i guess i will not do that.
EB: why is it so bad?
EB: but...
EB: i thought you said it wasn't going to be able to make a universe anyway?
EB: wasn't it barren or something?
EB: so why is it important?
EB: OHHHHHH.
EB: why didn't you say so, of course the answer is treasure.
EB: what is the treasure exactly?
EB: what sound?
EB: aaaahh!
EB: yeah, i've got to go. we can chat about treasure later.
EB: anyway, i will sort out this prototyping silliness myself.
EB: thanks rose!
EB: blaaauuuuuuuuugh, what happened!!!!!
EB: yes, i know!
EB: on the corner of my ghost bed!
EB: in the middle of an oil ocean!
EB: for some reason!!!
EB: um...
EB: i have no idea.
EB: i don't remember what happened, i was in the middle of helping jade...
EB: and then...
EB: i guess my bed crashed?
EB: and i got knocked out i guess.
EB: i was dreaming.
EB: i couldn't have been out for that long, because my dream was really short.
EB: i was on the battlefield again.
EB: but i did not have time to seek the treasure!
EB: but...
EB: i did see a black guy wrapped up in my ghosty bed sheets.
EB: he was acting very suspicious.
EB: oh...
EB: i do not mean like, an african american or anything.
EB: like bill cosby.
EB: r.i.p. bill. :(
EB: this fellow had a hard black shell, like all the dead guys do.
EB: i followed him for a bit...
EB: and then some sorta ruckus transpired, and i woke up.
EB: and now jade won't answer!
EB: do you know if she's ok?
EB: i'm not?
EB: oh yeah...
EB: that didn't by any chance stop being a thing that was true, did it?
EB: fuck!!!
EB: rose, this is all oil! it'll all just explode any second, won't it???
EB: fuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!!!!!
EB: ok, thank you rose.
EB: hey, how do you know these things anyway?
EB: can you see me somehow?
EB: oh man, really?
EB: like a magic one?
EB: can it show you the future?
EB: is that how you know what's going to happen?
EB: like what?
EB: durrrrr.
EB: oh... yeah.
EB: point taken. i guess i should be looking, huh?
EB: okay, so...
EB: with what you've learned from your dreams and gods and magic and stuff...
EB: do you have it all mapped out now? do you know everything?
EB: yeah, but...
EB: neither did i!
EB: oh yeah.
EB: ok, buuuuuut...
EB: i guess that's not all i'm talking about.
EB: you seem a little different.
EB: kind of, um... spooky?
EB: i just mean that before, it felt like we were in this adventure together, figuring stuff out as we went along.
EB: and now you have all the answers! because of magic, and other mysterious reasons!
EB: and you want to use your powers to break the game, and i still don't really understand why, and...
EB: bluh.
EB: ok, yeah, you're right.
EB: i guess i just started worryin'...
EB: that you are getting away from us!
EB: because you know everything, and you're magic, and you have a crystal ball, and a salamander, and you are basically a wizard.
EB: and that's cool, and it sure does sound fun...
EB: but i kinda think it was more fun when you just did things like read books, and tell jokes.
EB: BA-DUM PSHHH!
EB: sorry. :(
EB: well, if you do not have any objection...
EB: maybe later, i will drop by your planet again and rescue you, thus breaking the spooky spell put on you by your nefarious, shadowy masters.
EB: that way you will stop being so grimdark and ominous, and basically completely off the deep end in every way, as is now painfully obvious to anyone with a brain.
EB: yes.
EB: please write some happy stories in your journal, about lively horses, and conspicuously not about wizards, or sadness.
EB: yes, this is good.
EB: you see rose, these are jokes.
EB: this are what they look like, do not be alarmed.
EB: laughs, rose. laaaughs.
EB: also, those crescenty looking holes where laughs come out of?
EB: those are smiles!
EB: observe... :D
EB: ok, i will wait patiently.
EB: no, rose!
EB: that sort of nonsense is exactly what is out of the question!
EB: i see things are more urgent than i realized.
EB: i will have to venture there straightaway, and slap you right out of that silly old trance!
EB: oh.
EB: well shit.
EB: oh yeah.
EB: what is this treasure, anyway?
EB: and how's it gonna save us!
EB: tell me anyway!
EB: ...
EB: you're right, that is the shittiest sounding treasure i have ever heard.
EB: so what is this tumor supposed to do?
EB: and what is the significance of...
EB: removing it, i guess?
EB: does that mean im curing the battlefield or something?
EB: like the planet's doctor?
EB: hello?????
EB: rose?????????????
EB: by what?
EB: ????????????????????????????????
EB: i will?
EB: um...
EB: which ones are those?
EB: uh... karkat and vriska?
EB: oh god, i was right. there they are now.
EB: how did you know?
EB: wait!!!
EB: there's stuff you didn't tell me!
EB: what happened with jade? did i mess anything up with the prototyping??
EB: aaaugh, why can't i remember!!!!!
EB: don't go yet rose, tell me!
EB: rose???????
EB: BLUH BLUH
EB: HUGE WITCH
EB: karkat!!!!!!!!!!
EB: hey, shut up a second!
EB: i need you to be nice for a change and do me a favor...
EB: have you talked to jade recently?
EB: can you tell me what happened to her??
EB: uh...
EB: hmm.
EB: jade is the girl who i am pretty sure just entered our session.
EB: she is my client player.
EB: um, yeah... i thought you knew that? you talked to her a bunch of times, apparently.
EB: oh!
EB: ok, i see what is going on here.
EB: we are finally getting to our first couple of conversations. cool!
EB: so... the smell is from a foot... but also from funeral flowers?
EB: this metaphor is confusing.
EB: yeah, i know!
EB: this is all that big time trolling i was looking forward to.
EB: and it's pretty good so far, and ordinarily i would be excited to hear more...
EB: but i really am concerned about what happened with jade!
EB: my request for a favor still stands, even though this is early you, and you still think you hate me.
EB: ok, fine! you hate me sooooo much, like, for real.
EB: can you just tell me what's up with jade?
EB: can you see her?
EB: can you tell me what happened? what did she do that was so bad?
EB: ok!!! i'm an idiot! can you just tell me anyway????
EB: whoa...
EB: the ground is shaking...
EB: what's going on?
EB: so tell me what i fucking did!!!
EB: yes!
EB: please, no more stalling or "i already told you's" or any other maddening nonsense!
EB: just...
EB: TELL ME!
EB: :|
EB: jade prototyped a lusus?
EB: what's that?
EB: oh, you mean her dog!
EB: so, she prototyped becquerel?
EB: why is that so bad?
EB: what properties?
EB: uh oh...
EB: huh...
EB: yeah, it kind of does.
EB: i'm sorry karkat, i didn't realize we screwed up so bad.
EB: oh, yeah, i know.
EB: you're really gonna tear me apart!
EB: i just feel kind of bad i fell asleep, i don't know what came over me.
EB: maybe i ate too much lasagna.
EB: who?
EB: betrayed?
EB: um, ok.
EB: er...
EB: not really.
EB: i suppose it was...
EB: but meh, it is all water under the bridge.
EB: which is where trolls and their shenanigans belong!
EB: oh, there will be lots of great material. just wait until i start handing out rabbits, you will love that.
EB: yeah, i should get going too.
EB: my friend is pestering me, and i doubt she likes to be kept waiting.
EB: (she is sort of the bossy type!)
EB: ummm...
EB: yeah, you're right, it is probably of no significance to you whatsoever.
EB: (hehehehe)
EB: hey vriska, sorry to keep you waiting!
EB: yeah, i know.
EB: um, sorry to cut this short, but this isn't really the best time to chat!
EB: i am in the middle of an ocean of oil that is ablaze with a lot of green fire.
EB: i need to figure out a way to escape!
EB: unfortunately, i fell asleep for some reason, and my bed landed here.
EB: i can't believe i was so stupid.
EB: you were?
EB: um...
EB: you can do that?
EB: hmm.
EB: what do you mean, "limit"?
EB: are you saying you can usually do more than that?
EB: ok, that is pretty cool i guess...
EB: but...
EB: why???
EB: why would you put me to sleep and put me in this predicament?
EB: ok, but...
EB: i kind of get that, but it's also kind of odd...
EB: if you're seeing my future, and you know those things are the outcome, then why are you going back and...
EB: i guess, involving yourself with these events? see what i mean?
EB: ok, that...
EB: SORT OF makes sense, i guess.
EB: but it's kind of hurting my head to think about!
EB: ah HA!
EB: so you did watch that video I sent.
EB: what did you think?
EB: yessssssss, i knew it!
EB: no, it would look so stupid!
EB: i thought you didn't want to get sidetracked!!!
EB: anyway, putting me to sleep and landing me in hot water is one thing...
EB: but you sort of indirectly caused a MUCH BIGGER problem!
EB: before i fell asleep, i was about to prototype something really ridiculous to make jack weaker.
EB: i am pretty sure that it would have made jack lose both eyes, both arms, and give him silly blue hair, and possibly also make him be a girl?
EB: he probably would have been pretty easy to beat!!!
EB: but instead, it was prototyped by jade's first guardian dog lusus.
EB: and now he is unstoppable!
EB: and he becomes the one who is stirrin' up all that trouble in your session too!
EB: i mean, it sounds like your intentions were good, but you probably didn't realize to what extent you were messing everything up!
EB: what????????
EB: vriska, why would you do that!
EB: but!
EB: no!
EB: why should i calm down when you just said you deliberately sabotaged all of us?
EB: but what does that mean!
EB: i don't know if that makes sense!
EB: i mean, it kind of does...
EB: but something doesn't really add up about it.
EB: if you knew he was going to be created regardless of what anyone did...
EB: why did you decide to involve yourself that way?
EB: like the way you are involving yourself with me becoming a hero or whatever?
EB: augh!
EB: BUT WHYYYYYYYY!
EB: that is the dumbest thing i have ever heard.
EB: i am not bitter! i just think your plan is dumb.
EB: if he is as strong as karkat says, he will probably kill you!
EB: er...
EB: is luck actually a real thing?
EB: you sound pretty cocky! you should be careful about that, that is totally how people have bigtime downfalls.
EB: especially when they act kind of nefarious!!!
EB: wow, uh...
EB: i am not sure who would make me more nervous, you or jack.
EB: you really think we will meet?
EB: so...
EB: um, if we meet...
EB: are you going to...
EB: uh.
EB: like,
EB: when you see me,
EB: karkat said that...
EB: you might...
EB: oh jeez, i dunno.
EB: never mind.
EB: bluhhhhhhhh.
EB: if you say so.
EB: wait!
EB: what am i about to doooooooo!
EB: o.
EB: there, that was a 9th o. you don't even deserve 8!!!!!!!!
EB: whoops...
EB: oh, hey.
EB: who's pupa?
EB: did what?
EB: you mean, this windy thing here?
EB: ok, i think i'm ready to take this legendary nap!
EB: and then climb the god tiers, i guess?
EB: yeah...
EB: maybe it is a little TOO exciting.
EB: i am not sleepy at all!
EB: also, this is not much of a bed. more like a really hard slab of rock.
EB: i don't see how i will be able to sleep.
EB: um...
EB: you mean, you're asking me this time, instead of just doing it?
EB: what happened to you wanting to be responsible for me becoming a hero!
EB: well...
EB: i'm supposed to go to sleep to realize my destiny...
EB: and you have the ability to make me do that, so...
EB: i don't really see the harm in that.
EB: it sounds like it is just the practical thing to do.
EB: yes, that is my decision.
EB: vriska, please put me to sleep!
EB: hey jade, are you there? i have a computer now.
EB: this boring guy keeps blinking at me though, and it's weird.
EB: hi!
EB: sorry i disappeared after you entered the game...
EB: but from what i have seen in the clouds, it doesn't look like you have had much trouble making progress!
EB: oh, nice!
EB: dave is serving ALL the ladies, isn't he?
EB: he is like a dude on butler island.
EB: i mean, a dude who happens to be one of the butlers...
EB: doing a lot of serving, to various ladies who are vacationing at this snooty resort.
EB: wait, i am fucking this up.
EB: ok, good.
EB: all i am saying is, why can't i have a dave butler too?
EB: thank you.
EB: what is the equipment you're deploying?
EB: hmm... i don't think so. not recently anyway.
EB: he has? but i thought he "hated" you!
EB: yes, this is what i have concluded about him as well.
EB: he is a pretty great guy. i am really looking forward to more of his outbursts, especially his first conversation with me, which i am to understand will be legendary.
EB: but we shouldn't tell him we said any of this, or he will be "furious"!
EB: so what else have you been up to?
EB: we should try to catch up as much as possible!
EB: oh man.
EB: you will never guess what i am doing right now.
EB: go ahead, try to guess, you will not succeed.
EB: oh god dammit!
EB: how do you know!
EB: do you have rose's crystal ball?
EB: argh, i am surrounded by real life witches!
EB: everyone i know is turning magic, it's ridiculous.
EB: including me! i'm magic now.
EB: no, he is neither a chauffeur, nor a familiar...
EB: he is just a new friend!
EB: also, this is not a magic car, it is an ordinary car.
EB: i found it in my dad's wallet.
EB: yes, i just found his wallet on the ground.
EB: but my dad was nowhere to be found. :(
EB: the clouds led me to the wallet though, so maybe they will keep leading me to him?
EB: ok.
EB: i have seen lots of interesting things in the clouds...
EB: i guess you used to see things like that all the time, right?
EB: wow, uh...
EB: well, lots of things that were mysterious and didn't make much sense...
EB: but also lots of things i recognized.
EB: like stuff i have done before. and also stuff i will do in the future.
EB: and things that rose and dave have been up to...
EB: and you too!
EB: well, i saw you on your island, and saw you sleeping in a floating bed, and...
EB: i saw your pretty snow planet...
EB: and i saw you with some frogs...
EB: have you found any frogs yet?
EB: well, i saw you once in a neat outfit...
EB: it was kind of like you were torn from the pages of my favorite japanese mangas.
EB: and the snow was melting.
EB: and you were surrounded by frogs for some reason!
EB: heh, now it sounds like i am describing a weird dream i had about you.
EB: which i guess is sorta true?? anyway, i guess that must not have happened yet.
EB: dunno! but you are a witch, remember.
EB: witches LOVE frogs.
EB: i doubt it, it looked to me like a friendly gathering.
EB: oh, and one time i saw a green version of you with pointy ears, and you were crying!
EB: did that happen yet?
EB: oh no!
EB: what happened? where is she now?
EB: wow jade, you really have been up to a lot!
EB: and i have just been staring at these dumb clouds for hours or whatever.
EB: i even saw my own dead body in a cloud!
EB: it's ok though, it already happened.
EB: i was sort of tricked into sleeping on my quest bed.
EB: and when i went to sleep, jack killed me.
EB: she must have known that would happen...
EB: vriska. do you know her?
EB: she is pretty cool, but just between you and me, she might be a little crazy!
EB: but, i don't think it's really like that...
EB: honestly i think dying was a necessary part of the process, and she just didn't tell me so i wouldn't get scared.
EB: well... i died on the quest bed and woke up here, as my dream self.
EB: and now i have all these sweet wind powers.
EB: which is how i am making this car fly!
EB: yeah!
EB: maybe, or he was just being some sort of aloof coolkid.
EB: yeah...
EB: hmm, i have no idea!
EB: maybe you shouldn't rule it out though?
EB: i mean, you did mention your dream self isn't COMPLETELY dead, remember?
EB: heheh.
EB: she was that bad, huh?
EB: ok, i will not pry.
EB: i know, right?
EB: /rolls eyes
EB: he is just this silly guy i met when i woke up here.
EB: he seemed to be curious about me and followed me around for a while.
EB: also, i noticed he was wearing my bedsheet.
EB: i don't know, there seems to be this whole cult full of people who worship my ghost sheets.
EB: i ran into a bunch of them in a salamander village, they are all completely ridiculous.
EB: so i guess he is a member of the cult?
EB: derp! they aren't idolizing ME, it's my dumb bedsheets they love!
EB: it's so stupid.
EB: OH!
EB: also, another thing about him...
EB: he has the queen's ring!
EB: i've tried! i asked him politely for it and everything.
EB: but he is very protective of it!
EB: actually, i think it's ok.
EB: i think he is supposed to keep it.
EB: yes. once i saw something in the clouds.
EB: it was hard to tell what was going on, but i saw him!
EB: im pretty sure it was the future, and he had the ring, and...
EB: and then the cloud stopped showing me.
EB: but i am pretty sure that some day...
EB: he will have to wear it!
EB: so i think i will just let him keep it.
EB: for some reason, i trust him.
EB: yeah, trust all around!
EB: how trustworthy do you even have to BE to CONFIDE in someone like that.
EB: anyway, i guess that's enough of that nonsense.
EB: i should keep looking for my dad!
EB: maybe if i fly around in this car with this guy beeping here, the noise will get his attention and he will find me.
EB: you did?
EB: oh! well that sure is convenient!
EB: where is he?
EB: oh wow...
EB: jade, what if they get married or something???
EB: oh god, if rose became my sister too, that would wreak HAVOC on karkat's shipping diagram!
EB: as leader of this team i submit that we cannot afford to let this happen!!!!!!!!!!
EB: everyone man your battle stations!!!
EB: we have a ship to sink! arm torpedoes!!!!!!
EB: KA-PCHOOOOOOOOOOOOO. target destroyed. B)
EB: heheh, i am just joking around, of course.
EB: :P
EB: yes, i agree.
EB: even if it would make it awkward for me to marry rose.
EB: but maybe that doesn't matter? these are kind of special circumstances.
EB: i wonder if my dad and her mom would mind us getting married...
EB: whoa, in love???
EB: oh jeez, yeah i guess you're right.
EB: um...
EB: er.
EB: argh!
EB: this line of questioning is making me flustered.
EB: all i know is, i was ordered by karkat to marry rose.
EB: i think we can both agree that it would be reckless to look at a crappy shipping diagram made by an alien, and ignore its message altogether.
EB: it's a thing of beauty, and it will save the human race.
EB: yes.
EB: btw, you will marry dave.
EB: 100% TRUE REALITY.
EB: it's ok though, i will not press you on your feelings for him.
EB: i already know you are totally into the strider anyway.
EB: it's all in the diagram, jade.
EB: it's all in the diagram.
EB: that you do.
EB: ok but anyway, who cares about his terrible shitty drawings and meddlesome romantic schemes!
EB: how do i find my dad!
EB: bluh!!!
EB: yes, that's a good idea, i'll do that.
EB: thanks for the help, jade!
EB: i will talk to you later.
EB: karkat!
EB: what's up?
EB: know what?
EB: uh...
EB: oh no!
EB: are you in some sort of trouble?
EB: is it jack?
EB: karkat???
EB: what's going on?
EB: karkat!!!
EB: hey buddy, you were making me worried there...
EB: are you ok?
EB: errr...
EB: oh god, this is not right!
EB: you aren't supposed to hate me anymore, you're supposed to be kinda my friend, sorta!
EB: when is this?
EB: ok, duh! i know that.
EB: i mean, how many times have you talked to me before?
EB: AUGH!
EB: this isn't good, i need to talk to future you!
EB: because it sounds like you're in trouble.
EB: i think maybe you are running from jack?
EB: no, i know, but...
EB: *SIGN*
EB: ultimate riddle shit?
EB: no, i just want to talk to future you. :(
EB: oh, hey there, vriska.
EB: can this wait? i was about to check out this castle and see if my dad is here.
EB: oh...
EB: dang it!
EB: do you know where they are?
EB: argh, how much later??
EB: well...
EB: ok, i guess so.
EB: shrug.
EB: pshhh.
EB: i don't know if it is much of a major accomplishment, honestly.
EB: um... no?
EB: i guess i just miss my dad. i was hoping he would be here, but apparently i won't see him for another few hours or whatever?
EB: if that is what you see in the future, then i guess there's no fighting it. bluh.
EB: yeah, i know.
EB: i guess you just have to think of them the way you think of your lusus..ses? lusi?
EB: that...
EB: is too bad.
EB: no!!!
EB: why would i be mad at you, vriska?
EB: oh. right.
EB: i... actually almost forgot about that!
EB: why would you need to apologize though?
EB: i mean, i admit i was pretty confused about it at first, seeing my dead body in the cloud and all...
EB: but in the end, you did it to help me, didn't you?
EB: really, i should probably be thanking you!
EB: uh...
EB: are you there?
EB: heh. i really don't know what reason i would have to be angry!
EB: i mean, aside from the deception involved, but i kinda understand why you did that.
EB: and in any case, you did give me a choice.
EB: shruuuuuuuug!
EB: so...
EB: is that what you wanted to talk to me about?
EB: then what is it?
EB: you did?
EB: who was it? you mean like, a bad guy?
EB: oh yeah, karkat mentioned that he was in trouble, and then had to go.
EB: it made me a little worried! are you guys under attack or something?
EB: oh.
EB: well, then...
EB: who did you kill?
EB: why?
EB: well, did he attack you or something?
EB: uh...
EB: why did you have to?
EB: wow.
EB: you're right, vriska. that does not sound good.
EB: you don't?
EB: what about all of your friends?
EB: i bet karkat would listen.
EB: or what about terezi? she's pretty nice, isn't she?
EB: why not?
EB: well, how do you feel?
EB: oh...
EB: i guess i understand. i mean, i'm trying to, with the cultural difference and all.
EB: like, trolls are more violent and angry, right? kind of like klingons or something, which is an angry race of alien savages from a human tv show.
EB: oh, i know, that's not what i meant! but i am guessing you all have to act tough to make it in your world, and have a sense of honor about fighting, and like to beat people up and stuff, right?
EB: but i think that no matter what alien culture you are from, killing is still wrong!
EB: and it sounds like you do too.
EB: well, you could try. i am listening.
EB: i think if you feel bad, it just means you have a conscience. which is good, right?
EB: how was it like a test?
EB: ok.
EB: so...
EB: you killed other people, that you didn't care about?
EB: hm. how many?
EB: or... do i want to know...
EB: uhhhhhhhh.
EB: hopy shit...
EB: i guess that is why you didn't get along with her?
EB: i see.
EB: still, that is a LOT of killing. jesus...
EB: but then you finally killed a guy you liked, and...
EB: not so cool anymore?
EB: uh.
EB: ...
EB: i guess i had no idea how different we really were.
EB: what i am hearing is seriously scaring the shit out of me!
EB: ok, well i appreciate the honesty.
EB: so... if killing isn't exactly wrong, then what is it?
EB: what do you mean by "what killing really means"?
EB: what does it mean?
EB: that sounds terrible!
EB: i would like to be culturally sensitive, but i wish it didn't have to be like that for you.
EB: i have started to really like you guys!
EB: :(
EB: yeah, that's true.
EB: hehe... yeah me too. :)
EB: what?
EB: uh...
EB: i don't really see how you guys killing each other would help you play the game better!
EB: dead?
EB: gosh...
EB: your team is so crazy!
EB: how?
EB: huh...
EB: yeah, i can see how that could be true.
EB: you probably mean that as an insult, but i think it is a nice compliment!
EB: but...
EB: i won't tell him you said it, heheheh.
EB: so... what about jack?
EB: are you still planning on killing him?
EB: that would be a constructive way to use your killer troll instincts, even by human standards.
EB: it is much better than killing friends.
EB: well, we have a plan to defeat him too, so there's that.
EB: yeah.
EB: so...
EB: will you go fight him then?
EB: for whatever it's worth coming from a human, feeling remorse doesn't make you weak!
EB: i bet you are still really strong.
EB: but then, i'm not sure if i actually want to encourage you to go off fighting him...
EB: because as strong as you probably are, it sounds like he is REALLY strong.
EB: and even though you killed tons of people, i think i would still be pretty sad if you died.
EB: so maybe you should just let us handle it? at least we won't fight him directly.
EB: well, maybe you don't?
EB: all of the luck sounds like an awful lot of luck to have.
EB: heh.
EB: what?
EB: yes.
EB: like...
EB: ancestors?
EB: wow, that is kinda neat.
EB: so, do you believe?
EB: all of them?
EB: hehe...
EB: how did you know she was the one?
EB: what was in the chest!
EB: that is a pretty exciting story!
EB: so then, your great great great grandnanna or such was some kind of troll pirate? uh, i mean, pir8?
EB: now that you mention that...
EB: it really sounds like our situations are not so different!
EB: i created our guardians in the lab too, along with the four of us.
EB: and when you think about it...
EB: i never even knew my nanna.
EB: she died before i was born. or, uh, before i created myself and sent baby me back in time, i mean.
EB: so really, she is my ancestor too! someone i am connected to genetically, but never knew.
EB: and even though i never knew her, she definitely helped me when i was growing up!
EB: i followed in her footsteps, and became an incredible prankster.
EB: i even had a book i learned a lot from too, the book was sort of a family tradition.
EB: it was written by an even older ancestor, my nanna's grandpa, who was only the most LEGENDARY PRANKSTER OF ALL TIME.
EB: so as you can see, we have both benefited greatly from ancestral wisdom.
EB: i think it is nice to see that when you take a closer look, we have a lot more in common than we first thought.
EB: what?
EB: heheheh, yep! also, her ashes were there too.
EB: yeah, it is pretty great, actually. i highly recommend being human.
EB: ok then, i guess i will get going.
EB: to keep looking for my dad!
EB: um...
EB: are you saying that i am still not supposed to find him yet?
EB: well, yeah.
EB: but what responsibility do you mean?
EB: ok.
EB: so you're saying i should go get the tumor now instead of putting it off?
EB: wait, i mean the tumor.
EB: wait...
EB: i mean The Tumor!
EB: yeah.
EB: which is what i was wondering about...
EB: how am i supposed to get it out?
EB: i guess go find a cave or something?
EB: what...
EB: uh, is that even possible?
EB: hehe, no.
EB: well, maybe some places, but most cars stay on the ground, because science fiction hasn't happened yet.
EB: yes, but...
EB: all i can do is make a lot of wind blow around!
EB: how is that going to help?
EB: alright, i will try.
EB: oh, man.
EB: i guess if there is nothing i can say to change your mind, and it's something you really have to do, then i understand.
EB: but, how about this...
EB: can this not be the last time we talk before you go?
EB: it would be nice to hear from you at least once before you leave to fight him.
EB: in my future, too! none of this messaging me in the past nonsense, before i even knew you.
EB: ok, great. i will hold you to that, vriska.
EB: ok, i will, later!
EB: hey, are you there?
EB: i did what you said...
EB: but i can't tell if it worked.
EB: hello?
EB: you didn't fly off to fight jack yet, did you?
EB: i hope not.
EB: anyway, all that stuff you said sounds fun to me, i have hells of the cage flicks in my library.
EB: i do not even care that you're an alien! you see, cage is the universal constant which unites us all.
EB: well...
EB: if you haven't flown away...
EB: i will look forward to your message in the future.
EB: it would be nice to talk, about...
EB: all this stuff that happened.
EB: anyway, bye.
EB: hey!
EB: what is???
EB: karkat!
EB: that was you?
EB: where is vriska?
EB: she what?
EB: what whole thing?
EB: you mean, what she wrote?
EB: why are you snooping around her computer!
EB: um...
EB: what are you talking about?
EB: well...
EB: yeah. why?
EB: talk about what?
EB: alright.
EB: like what?
EB: what plans?
EB: landed where?
EB: oh, obviously.
EB: no i'm not!
EB: i mean, yes, i am wearing some pretty nice pajamas.
EB: but i know lots of things, like about the tumor, which i have already recovered...
EB: wait, i mean the tumor
EB: wait, fuck.
EB: i mean...
EB: oh screw it, you know, the big bomb, and some other stuff like that, i am totally in the loop.
EB: so i have to cause the scratch, huh?
EB: hi!
EB: aren't you going to ask me how my journey was?
EB: it was long! and windy. but a lot of fun.
EB: i really like flying, it's so much fun.
EB: you... haven't tried it?
EB: :\
EB: wait, is that the guy who vriska killed?
EB: haha, why?
EB: ok.
EB: but...
EB: is something wrong?
EB: a while ago you talked to me and it sounded like you were in danger, and it sounds like some people died, but you never told me what happened!
EB: then i got distracted by a lot of crazy stuff.
EB: oh.
EB: are you sure?
EB: but, i'm your friend. aren't i?
EB: well?
EB: who is gamzee?
EB: really? i thought terezi was your best friend.
EB: or wait, maybe she was your girlfriend, i forget...
EB: sorry, i don't mean to be nosy. i just want to know some things about your situation!
EB: i am concerned.
EB: heh, no.
EB: i think i know how you feel.
EB: so he killed some people... and then what?
EB: it's ok, you can tell me.
EB: hmm.
EB: ok, if you say so.
EB: oh!!!
EB: i can't believe i almost forgot, i've been dying to know since i left the battlefield...
EB: do you know if rose is ok?
EB: did it work???
EB: really??
EB: oh, wow.
EB: so, i guess...
EB: it would not have worked on my dad then?
EB: or rose's mom... :(
EB: er...
EB: well...
EB: she is a very pretty lady, but that seems like a really inappropriate thing to think about, karkat.
EB: i don't know!
EB: i am frankly pretty upset about finding them dead in the magic castle, and i guess i was wondering aloud if something could have been done.
EB: or at least maybe to talk about it, without angry tirades being involved.
EB: you are being a douche!!!
EB: wait, what am i saying, you are always a douche, hehe.
EB: heheheheh, your dad was a crab monster?
EB: yes.
EB: oh, great!
EB: how do you know it gets there?
EB: that's cool!
EB: it's nice to hear you are working together. i should pester jade and see what she's up too...
EB: oh...
EB: frog duties???
EB: wait, which one is kanaya again?
EB: wow. ok.
EB: aradia?
EB: :(
EB: ...
EB: :(
EB: what!!!
EB: did she kiss him too? :O
EB: omg, karkat. it is like your shitty shipping grid is coming true before our very eyes.
EB: haha, remember when you made that ugly thing?
EB: but now they don't have dream selves left!
EB: who ever goes will be risking their life for good, won't they?
EB: this is unacceptable!
EB: couldn't i do it?
EB: i am apparently immortal, because of this god tier business, so the bomb probably would not kill me!
EB: hmm...
EB: maybe i could try to be not all that brave while i do it?
EB: yeah.
EB: i just don't want to lose anybody else is all.
EB: oh, yeah.
EB: she mentioned something about that. she said she prototyped her dream self?? what happened with that?
EB: why?
EB: ...
EB: wow.
EB: /raises eyebrows
EB: ok, i am putting them back down as not suggestively as possible.
EB: what is what this is?
EB: was...
EB: was that another weird erotic slip of the tongue?
EB: ok, well,
EB: what i am getting from this, aside from the possibility that jade may or may not have kissed dog jade at some point, is that neither of them will be able to help with the bomb plan.
EB: aren't those the really tough to kill guys?
EB: did she kill him?
EB: haha.
EB: word for what?
EB: ok, well what about this.
EB: since she is mortal, and i am not (sort of), and i don't need to do the scratch for a while, can i go help her?
EB: maybe she could use some protection? maybe that is what dave was just trying to do, when he temporarily died.
EB: remember, jack is still on the loose! he has killed rose and dave once, and me twice.
EB: sorry. :(
EB: really?
EB: d'aw, that's actually kinda cute.
EB: i don't think he would be fooled. dogs have pretty good senses of smell.
EB: what is your plan?
EB: rendezvous with who?
EB: jade knows so many things lately, what is even her deal?
EB: come with you where? who are they?
EB: through the lawn ring?
EB: oh!!
EB: so then, this is how we're supposed to meet. that is kind of exciting.
EB: so, i guess you are not worried about it turning into a huge sloppy makeout fest anymore...
EB: huh?
EB: won't there be other players in the new session?
EB: like, alternate universe versions of ourselves or such?
EB: yeah... it's just kind of a weird thought.
EB: but i guess it's sort of comforting too.
EB: if rose or dave have to go off and die, at least i get to see them again, in a way.
EB: even if i will only be alternate universe john to them.
EB: maybe my dad will be alive in that session too!!!
EB: ok. i'll do my best.
EB: what should i do right now?
EB: oh, man.
EB: our "first" conversation ever? i can't wait.
EB: thanks karkat!
EB: this was.
EB: i remember now.
EB: i was tricked by a troll into flying up to the last gate, using this rocket pack.
EB: she said i could take a shortcut and go kill my denizen while he was sleeping.
EB: it... 
EB: did not quite work out that way.
EB: i don't know. she didn't tell me her name.
EB: she was a blind troll. she made me this incredibly shitty map for me to follow!
EB: she tricked you too?
EB: wow. that's pretty cold blooded!
EB: why not?
EB: hmm...
EB: so i guess you never got around to giving me immortality like you said? or killing me, for that matter.
EB: sounds like the blind troll beat you to it.
EB: explain what?
EB: so...
EB: now it is a date?
EB: nope.
EB: no, i get that.
EB: if i had decided not to take the shortcut, i would have lived. and then you would have talked to me a lot?
EB: well, i might not have figured that out, if not for...
EB: some things that just happened.
EB: sorry... not sure what to tell you!
EB: well, you did just show me around your planet. which was really cool!
EB: ... there's compromising stuff?
EB: i guess not.
EB: but who says we can't get to know each other again?
EB: no way! not if you wouldn't.
EB: you said the name of the blind troll who killed us, but you have not told me yours yet.
EB: no.
EB: nice to meet you, vriska.
EB: i am john! even though you know that.
EB: so now what do we do? aside from be dead for probably ever.
EB: well, like i said, i flew up to the last gate. like this.
EB: oh, nice boots!
EB: it brought me inside the palace.
EB: it was huge, and it took a long time to explore. it was eerily empty too.
EB: i had that weird feeling of getting to a place in a video game you are not supposed to be yet, because you don't have the right powerups and such.
EB: you know what i mean?
EB: oh, ok.
EB: so, i started getting crazy nervous the longer i was down here, and i was starting to wonder if my silly iron pogo hammer would even do any damage against the monster.
EB: what?
EB: excuse me, it is called the wrinkle fucker, and it is totally amazing.
EB: that's so absurd, like anything like that would ever even happen!!!
EB: i found it very deep in the palace dungeon. i was wandering for hours, following a horrible sound through the pipes.
EB: i could tell typheus was really close, because it was very loud here. it could only be the sound of him sleeping.
EB: i was so tempted to play it, but i didn't dare risk waking him up!
EB: pretty much by then i was sweating bullets at the thought of confronting him.
EB: yeah...
EB: i guess if i ever see her, i should thank her too.
EB: because this was important.
EB: well, yes. but not just that.
EB: the whole ruse was important!
EB: if i didn't make the decision to go, then dave would not be able to go back in time and fix things.
EB: in fact, if i didn't die here in this palace, we never would have been born in the first place!
EB: this way...
EB: nooope.
EB: he was wide awake when i found him. i practically crapped my pants!
EB: what was your denizen like?
EB: what do you mean, tricky?
EB: did she talk to you?
EB: so, is that what you all did?
EB: kill your denizens as fast as possible, without listening to them?
EB: yes, so i've heard.
EB: maybe he just talked to his denizen?
EB: i dunno. you might be surprised!
EB: yes!
EB: typheus may not be pretty to look at...
EB: but he is not a bad guy at all!
JOHN: where are we?
JOHN: oh, ok.
JOHN: then...
JOHN: we escaped the scratch?
JOHN: like, we still exist and everything?
JOHN: ok, just making sure.
JOHN: i still felt pretty existy, but you never know.
JOHN: i'm still kinda confused though.
JOHN: i mean, we crashed through that giant window you magically made with witch powers to escape the scratch, so we can keep existing, right?
JOHN: i see.
JOHN: did you at least make it huge with witch powers?
JOHN: so i guess that's what witch powers do, is make things huge?
JOHN: right, like you did with all those planets.
JOHN: man, spacey witch powers sound a lot more versatile than my powers, frankly.
JOHN: not that i'm complaining, because wind powers are still awesome.
JOHN: but anyway, that is neither here nor there!
JOHN: what i'm wondering is, once we crashed through that window, weren't we supposed to like...
JOHN: enter a new game session? the reset one?
JOHN: and meet up with karkat, and vriska, and all the trolls, and i guess maybe also a bunch of dead trolls too??? like troll ghosts or such.
JOHN: and what about your grandson? wasn't he going to be there, from the future or something? and then he would send liv tyler to me, or actually to you i guess, into the past somehow?
JOHN: wow...
JOHN: hey, i wonder what the fuck ever happened to liv anyway?
JOHN: last i saw her, i sent her off to give the tumor to rose and dave...
JOHN: oh god, rose and dave!!! where are they now? did one of them do the suicide mission thing? and what about the other? did they get scratch'd???
JOHN: :(
JOHN: so, they blew up the sun, and now they're dead?
JOHN: oh man, that's great!
JOHN: i mean, i'm not sure how not blowing up the sun qualifies as a successful mission, since that was kind of the whole idea, but at this point i don't really care. i'm just happy to hear they're ok.
JOHN: how do you know they're ok? or any of this stuff, really?
JOHN: ok, that sounds awesome.
JOHN: and that was part of the plan i guess i understood, but...
JOHN: where is this new session?
JOHN: all i see here is a bunch of giant windows, and a lot of warp speed whooshy nonsense.
JOHN: you mean that one way over there?
JOHN: ok...
JOHN: so is this place like that yellow lawn ring thing karkat was talking about?
JOHN: how is this a yellow yard?
JOHN: that's a stupid name for this place!
JOHN: thats not a yard.
JOHN: yards are like these flat wide patches of grass, surrounded by fences and stuff.
JOHN: if anything, it's more like a road.
JOHN: sure, why not!
JOHN: let's all go see a big pompous wizard to solve all of our problems.
JOHN: i bet rose would get a kick out of that.
JOHN: oh yeah.
JOHN: and another thing...
JOHN: what...
JOHN: the fuck...
JOHN: is that?
JOHN: wait, what just happened?
JOHN: it got darker, and greener...
JOHN: this place is weird. when are we gonna bust through the other window, anyway?
JOHN: i'm kind of antsy to get on with our adventure and meet up with everybody!
JOHN: what is it?
JOHN: i see.
JOHN: since we are going so fast, it should be pretty soon, right?
JOHN: like a few more minutes?
JOHN: ugh.
JOHN: how long?
JOHN: what!!!
JOHN: that is an absolutely preposterous amount of time.
JOHN: are you sure you can't make it go any faster?
JOHN: i mean, not to sound too demanding, but...
JOHN: didn't you say you can teleport stuff?
JOHN: why not teleport us there?
JOHN: oh. well that sucks.
JOHN: why not?
JOHN: uh, ok.
JOHN: that sounds...
JOHN: big.
JOHN: i see.
JOHN: it didn't really occur to me this was all so elaborate.
JOHN: like, if the green sun is at the center of a bunch of universes, like a huge solar system...
JOHN: doesn't that mean it was sort of important?
JOHN: maybe trying to blow it up wasn't such a great idea.
JOHN: oh man, a prank??
JOHN: who pranked us?
JOHN: oh. well that was quite a ruse then. that son of a bitch!
JOHN: their true mission?
JOHN: what was that?
JOHN: ...
JOHN: oh man, rose and dave have sweet god tier pajamas like us! that's so awesome.
JOHN: haha, dave looks like kind of a doofus with that snug little hood.
JOHN: that's true.
JOHN: i still think i prefer my outfit though.
JOHN: look at all those trolls...
JOHN: there are so many trolls. the idea of meeting them all is kind of overwhelming.
JOHN: i wonder which one is which?
JOHN: i think that must have been karkat there. and that was probably his clown asshole friend he mentioned, too.
JOHN: and that was definitely terezi, with the fancy glasses.
JOHN: not sure about the others... i wonder if vriska was there?
JOHN: it's nice to see rose looks better.
JOHN: last time i saw her, she looked really grim.
JOHN: and also, dark.
JOHN: i was trying to talk to her, but she sounded like a babbling monster, so i couldn't understand her.
JOHN: it was really frustrating, and all of my nervous rambling probably made me sound like an idiot.
JOHN: and then when i woke up later, she was dead.
JOHN: did you know...
JOHN: that i had to kiss her to make her come back to life?
JOHN: yes, it's true.
JOHN: it's kind of weird kissing a dead body, but i didn't mind.
JOHN: how did you feel about it when you kissed dave when he died?
JOHN: karkat told me.
JOHN: do you think that all of our unbridled corpse smooching means karkat's silly shipping prophecy will come true?
JOHN: i mean, the guy is really angry, and says fuck like in practically every sentence.
JOHN: but he does weirdly seem to know what he's talking about when it comes to romance.
JOHN: man.
JOHN: i don't know.
JOHN: do you?
JOHN: hmm, indeed.
JOHN: yeah.
JOHN: there's a lot i want to tell them about.
JOHN: and a lot i want to ask them.
JOHN: really?
JOHN: whoa!
JOHN: well, heck, why don't we do that then?
JOHN: it would probably be more fun with them than being on this golden battleship by ourselves.
JOHN: oh yeah.
JOHN: dammit!
JOHN: but i wouldn't want to leave you here all alone for three years.
JOHN: that would suck!
JOHN: :O
JOHN: that's right.
JOHN: that makes it seem not so boring i guess.
JOHN: but still...
JOHN: i would feel really bad leaving you here, even if you do have a million salamanders and chess guys to keep you company.
JOHN: you are my friend and also my sorta-sister, and we just met for the first time ever a few minutes ago...
JOHN: i'm not going to be like, welp! see ya in three years jade!
JOHN: yeah.
JOHN: now that you mention it, i'm pretty beat.
JOHN: also... starving!!!
JOHN: heheh.
JOHN: i sure hope there are things to eat on those planets.
JOHN: there were a lot of weird glowing mushrooms on lowas. i dunno about those.
JOHN: i seem to remember a bunch of farms on the battlefield...
JOHN: yeah, probably.
JOHN: pff, hell, we could just raid all of our fridges and alchemize some tasty grub!
JOHN: ok, cool.
JOHN: but it would still be nice to say hi to everybody before they leave.
JOHN: just to let them know how we're doing.
JOHN: like, one of the last things rose saw before she died was me dying...
JOHN: i wonder if she knows i'm ok?
JOHN: yeah, probably.
JOHN: then maybe i'll just hop over real fast, and give karkat a fist bump, and give dave a hard time about his hella tight little hood, and then hop back?
JOHN: aw man, really??
JOHN: that's stupid.
JOHN: what is with all these rules!
JOHN: isn't that a contradiction though?
JOHN: if there are limits to your powers, you can't exactly be OMNIpotent, can you?
JOHN: more like...
JOHN: semipotent.
JOHN: demidogs.
JOHN: heh...
JOHN: can you not control the woofs?
JOHN: so, the dog ears...
JOHN: is that a permanent thing now, or what?
JOHN: i like them.
JOHN: you are like a furry now, but not really the weird kind that people on the internet like to have sex with in their imagination.
JOHN: hey, can i at least send a message through?
JOHN: like a note or something?
JOHN: oh snap! ok, gotta think, quick...
JOHN: what do i write on?
JOHN: maybe the back of a movie poster or something?
JOHN: i don't think i have one captchalogued though...
JOHN: and now that i think about it, most of them were ruined by imps. :(
JOHN: yes, that's perfect!!!
JOHN: everyone will love it, especially probably dave.
JOHN: i think i need something to fold it up and put it in though.
JOHN: i don't want to just like crumple it up and chuck it in there like some garbage...
JOHN: i could stick it in a book i guess.
JOHN: but i kind of don't want to part with any great reading material, especially since we're going on a long trip.
JOHN: ok, ok, um...
JOHN: oh, yeah. i guess that'll be fine.
JOHN: now, uhhh, what to write...
JOHN: ok, will do.
JOHN: huh?
JOHN: oh fuck, it's dave sprite!!!
JOHN: i forgot about him.
JOHN: how've you been, buddy?
JOHN: ok, i think this is a pretty good letter.
JOHN: oh HELL no.
JOHN: augh you bastard!
JOHN: wait a minute!
JOHN: i forgot, trolls hate cleaning products for some alien reason! shit, that's going to make everyone so uncomfortable.
JOHN: oh well, there it goes. too late i guess.
JOHN: no way! this game rules.
JOHN: i just never gave it much playing time before because...
JOHN: well, i guess i always had better things to do.
JOHN: years ago i found it in a store on the bargain rack.
JOHN: it was only a dollar! isn't that awesome?
JOHN: yesss. you won't be disappointed.
JOHN: um, i don't know.
JOHN: i only showed it to a few people, but i guess hundreds are playing it now?
JOHN: nobody is very good at it though.
JOHN: i keep trying to tell the salamanders and chess guys not to cross the streams, but they keep crossing the streams!
JOHN: just between you and me, i think a lot of them aren't very bright.
JOHN: jade, please.
JOHN: it is just something you can't do when you're a ghost buster, because it spells big trouble. everyone knows that.
JOHN: you should hurry up and make a character already, so we can get started.
JOHN: just any old ghost buster! as long as he looks awesome and like he means business.
JOHN: i will begin organizing our squad.
JOHN: well, first we need buy an old abandoned fire station to use as a headquarters.
JOHN: luckily half the city is composed of abandoned fire stations that are for sale...
JOHN: this game is actually really stupid in a lot of ways, now that i think about it.
JOHN: hey, shut up!
JOHN: i take it back, it's great in every way.
JOHN: ok, now i have to find us a mission.
JOHN: got to hire a sassy secretary...
JOHN: just have to peruse this extensive palette of sarcastic red headed ladies...
JOHN: ok, here is a good one.
JOHN: then we wait for a phone call. this can take anywhere from ten seconds to several hours.
JOHN: but that's fine!
JOHN: there's lots to do in the station to kill time.
JOHN: like talk to slimer, and...
JOHN: get slimed by slimer.
JOHN: ok, i guess that's pretty much all there is to do.
JOHN: the fire pole is strictly decorative.
JOHN: are you almost finished making your character?
JOHN: jade.
JOHN: that is absolutely the shittiest ghost buster i have ever seen.
JOHN: yes.
JOHN: it is so yes way.
JOHN: jade, i thought you were going to take this game seriously.
JOHN: that is not a serious ghost buster. no ghost could possibly fear that thing.
JOHN: it is not possible, ghosts are known to be cruel and mischievous.
JOHN: they will not want to befriend your fox man, they will only want to cover him in slime and then fly away.
JOHN: i really think you should consider redesigning him.
JOHN: ok, well, if you want to turn our squad into a fucking joke, then that's your business.
JOHN: argh!
JOHN: but seriously, those head swap options are for such noobs, i feel it's only fair to warn you.
JOHN: ok, fine.
JOHN: you get a pass, but only because you yourself are a furry.
JOHN: what?
JOHN: is someone messaging you through the game?
JOHN: who is it?
JOHN: dammit, jade...
JOHN: oh.
JOHN: don't tell him any of our strategies. he is the enemy!
JOHN: um...
JOHN: ok, first, tell him we have strategies. then, don't tell him them.
JOHN: oh god.
JOHN: what is it now?
JOHN: meh, he's alright i guess.
JOHN: i give most of his jokes a passing grade. sometimes as high as a solid b+!
JOHN: that's fine, he and i keep no secrets.
JOHN: oh, like him taking credit for my existence isn't so old by now!
JOHN: hey, jade...
JOHN: why do you still call him davesprite?
JOHN: i just call him dave.
JOHN: isn't that easier? i mean, he IS dave after all... right?
JOHN: pshh, he is so not different.
JOHN: dude is just a magical orange dave with wings! and also says caw sometimes.
JOHN: like what?
JOHN: he still raps sometimes.
JOHN: i just thought i would mention that.
JOHN: trust me, it hasn't.
JOHN: well, weren't you a sprite before?
JOHN: how different did you feel then?
JOHN: oh, right.
JOHN: so...
JOHN: half of you was a sprite.
JOHN: do you remember what it was like being jade sprite?
JOHN: oh really?
JOHN: which ones?
JOHN: hmm.
JOHN: i have to admit, i am a little disappointed in the dream bubble thing.
JOHN: by the way you were describing it, i really thought we would dream about them on this trip more often!
JOHN: i dunno.
JOHN: man...
JOHN: that was weeks ago, i think.
JOHN: and then, when i do dream about them, it's just kind of weird.
JOHN: either i'm alone in my own memory, talking to figments of my imagination...
JOHN: or i dream about someone we know. like a troll we have talked to, and i get excited.
JOHN: but then it turns out they don't know who i am! it's like a version of them that died before they ever even knew us, and it's just kind of awkward.
JOHN: and i still haven't seen dave or rose AT ALL.
JOHN: have you?
JOHN: yeah.
JOHN: i'm starting to think it's not going to happen. i wonder if we're just not sleeping at the same times?
JOHN: heh. that's true.
JOHN: do you think the afterlife is just fucking with us, jade?
JOHN: that is so infuriating!
JOHN: yeah.
JOHN: oh well.
JOHN: i guess it's only two more years.
JOHN: what do you think they will be like by then?
JOHN: do you think karkat will have driven them all insane?
JOHN: or maybe they will all be better friends with each other than they are with us.
JOHN: i don't know. there ARE some pretty charming salamanders on this ship.
JOHN: but you know what i mean. things have a way of changing.
JOHN: like, have you thought at all about what it's going to be like when you see dave again?
JOHN: i mean, after the way things are going with you and dave sprite?
JOHN: jade, please.
JOHN: *sigh*
JOHN: you are not fooling anyone with your coy shenanigans.
JOHN: nothing!! do you really think he would talk about any of that with me?
JOHN: there are just some obvious conclusions a guy is going to make about stuff.
JOHN: hm.
JOHN: alright, fair enough.
JOHN: huh?
JOHN: ah HA! so you HAVE thought about it!
JOHN: yes. yes i did.
JOHN: i have no idea. we would probably never find out one way or the other, regardless.
JOHN: what about me even?
JOHN: yes.
JOHN: what is your point!
JOHN: oh man.
JOHN: jade, listen.
JOHN: at this point i could not give less of a rat's ass about romancey stuff!
JOHN: i would rather just play some games, and chill out for several years on this magical flying boat. is that too much to ask?
JOHN: when i catch up with our buddies, i'm sure i will give rose a nice, FRIENDLY hug.
JOHN: whereas i will offer dave a tender bro embrace, and shove karkat down a flight of friendship stairs.
JOHN: but that is IT.
JOHN: it's all very complicated and bothersome, jade.
JOHN: you know. matters of the heart.
JOHN: ok, you may laugh at my choice of words, but it is true.
JOHN: it's really befuddling and distracting when you are on a major quest to make universes out of frogs. who even needs it?
JOHN: like...
JOHN: you remember that troll girl who was sort of into me?
JOHN: well, ok.
JOHN: that seemed like a pretty big deal at the time!
JOHN: it really seemed like she liked me, but also, she was *probably* insane?
JOHN: like, i mean, in a trollish, murderous kind of way.
JOHN: but craziness notwithstanding, i didn't really know what to think.
JOHN: i guess i thought she was cool at the time. i was honestly kind of flummoxed about it.
JOHN: but the point is, when all was said and done, that was just some stuff that happened over one day, which was a whole year ago already.
JOHN: i barely even remember what we talked about. by the time we meet up, she probably won't give a shit about me at all.
JOHN: which, let's face it, is probably for the best.
JOHN: i think we make things more meaningful in our head when they're happening than they really are. like realistically? there were probably a lot of things that went on that day that didn't mean that much.
JOHN: like remember how you said you thought karkat was getting this silly angry crush on you?
JOHN: yeah.
JOHN: i mean, do you really think after three years he is still going to have the rage hots for you?
JOHN: i don't think even he is that crazy.
JOHN: anyway, my point is, who even cares about all that?
JOHN: romance and dating are dumb and boring. we are legendary heroes, and we have bigger fish to fry. like that smug fatass over there on the horizon.
JOHN: he sure looks pleased with himself. just look at him, he thinks he is the undisputed king of that mountain or something.
JOHN: follow me so we can seize the high ground against this hideous ocean dwelling marshmallow man, and steal all of his treasure.
JOHN: jaspers, holy shit, another cake?
JOHN: but there are still all these others we haven't touched.
JOHN: nanna is really baking up a storm today.
JOHN: jaspers, whoa, what are you doing?
JOHN: jaspers, no!!!
JOHN: it's fine if you want to sing me the birthday song, but for the love of god, don't MEOW it!!!!!
JOHN: you're going to rile her up!
JOHN: no jade, come on, PLEASE settle down.
JOHN: oh my god.
JOHN: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh!
JOHN: hi.
JOHN: which troll are you?
JOHN: uh...
JOHN: for a whale?
JOHN: what does that mean?
JOHN: oh, right.
JOHN: i thought it sounded kind of... fishy!
JOHN: you must be the sea troll, i heard about you.
JOHN: but i'm pretty sure we never talked.
JOHN: have you by any chance seen vriska around? or karkat?
JOHN: um... your troll friends?
JOHN: yes.
JOHN: oh no...
JOHN: why would you do that!
JOHN: uh. what?
JOHN: i'm not sure what clamscray means either. you mean go away?
JOHN: what?
JOHN: yes. well, it's a dream bubble.
JOHN: so yeah, you are probably a ghost.
JOHN: you're excited to be dead?
JOHN: why?
JOHN: what plan?
JOHN: i dunno.
JOHN: just curious about your spooky ghost plan is all.
JOHN: no, we're humans.
JOHN: by which i mean aliens, i guess.
JOHN: i know, right? that's what i think sometimes.
JOHN: it's strange combination of sci-fi things. like alien stuff is all about science, right? at least it is in movies. aliens LOVE science. but then ghosts have nothing to do with science, they belong to the supernatural realms, which have more to do with religion i guess? or about a lot of hocus pocus and superstition, maybe even magic. science rarely enters the equation, unless it's something awesome like ghost busters, which makes ghosts and stuff ALL ABOUT science, even though the ghost science is obviously a bunch of total nonsense. i guess contact mixes aliens and ghosts because jodie foster saw her ghost dad in outer space? but then, that was probably just a science projection from an alien, to make her feel less sad about her dead dad, and not a real ghost or anything. i guess the lesson is that science and aliens teach us that ghosts and religion are fake? although, it turns out ghosts and aliens are actually real, so maybe science and religion have been lying to us all along. *shrug*
JOHN: um.
JOHN: yeah, sorry.
JOHN: what?
JOHN: ha, no, i don't even know her.
JOHN: i kinda thought you knew who she was?
JOHN: huh?
JOHN: yeah, a little...
JOHN: no!!!
JOHN: snoozing mystery girl, look out!!!
JOHN: jade...
JOHN: i think i just realized something.
JOHN: THIS MOVIE FUCKING SUCKS!!!
JOHN: yeah, i know.
JOHN: i mean... i thought i did.
JOHN: it's been kind of a long time since i last saw it. i really remember it being a lot better than this!
JOHN: but now everything just seems so cheesy and stupid.
JOHN: i don't know. i'm trying to like it. i WANT to like it.
JOHN: i want to feel the same magic that was there all the other times i watched it.
JOHN: but i can't, because...
JOHN: it's just...
JOHN: not...
JOHN: good. :(
JOHN: but i DID take it seriously!!!
JOHN: i guess maybe that's kind of the point.
JOHN: i always thought all this hokey bullshit was legitimately awesome and compelling.
JOHN: what was i even thinking!
JOHN: well, maybe later i'll be able to rekindle some nostalgic feelings about it.
JOHN: but right now, i just feel like a dope for talking this up so hard.
JOHN: it's just non stop terrible action movie cliches!
JOHN: look.
JOHN: i love nic cage. he is basically my hero, ok?
JOHN: but i'm kind of just realizing now that he is EMBARRASSINGLY BAD in this movie!
JOHN: he is just doing this corny parody of a southern guy who is down on his luck, and acts "charming" with his goofy accent and stuff.
JOHN: some things i used to think were so badass are just coming off as ridiculous now.
JOHN: can you believe that one time we were watching this movie, when he said "put the bunny back in the box" i actually high fived my dad?
JOHN: this time that line just made me roll my eyes.
JOHN: there's so much crappy dialogue!
JOHN: "cyrus, this is your barbecue, and it tastes good..." arrgh!
JOHN: jade, please. it was a cheesy line, don't be so naive.
JOHN: ok, i'm sorry. i guess in fairness to you, you have only just begun to climb the steep learning curve of this vexing and hypnotic film.
JOHN: but i am no longer bound by its spell, jade.
JOHN: i am fine. this MOVIE is what's crappy these days.
JOHN: who even cares what we missed.
JOHN: just cameron stupid poe in his idiot wife beater babbling some more southern home spun heroic nonsense.
JOHN: heart of gold my ass!!!!!
JOHN: everything dave ever said about this movie was right! i can't believe i used to think he was just trolling me.
JOHN: the stupid junkyard scene where cyrus makes a little model out of rocks and stuff, just so he could tell the criminals to surround some army guys and shoot them... that was pointless!
JOHN: and all this heavy handed scoring. oh my god. the music makes every little thing into such a federal issue!
JOHN: like... oh man, SOME MINOR CHARACTERS BEING INTRODUCED IN SLOW MOTION! dun-dun dun-dun DUN DUN DUN!!!
JOHN: there. now you officially know they are all badasses.
JOHN: also, i somehow didn't even remember dave chappelle being in this movie. he was pointless too.
JOHN: and you know the malloy guy, the dick head cop who we're supposed to hate, because of how he gives john cusack a hard time and makes asshole decisions with a helicopter?
JOHN: well screw that! he wasn't so bad. so what if he was a little grumpy? he was just trying to do his job. he had one of the best lines in the movie actually, which was another thing we were supposed to hate him for.
JOHN: what was it? about how cusack was probably out saving a tree and recycling his sandals or some shit? HAHAHA! now that i think about it, i fucking LOVE malloy.
JOHN: i'm going to rewind it to watch that scene again...
JOHN: oh, and we're supposed to be like "YEAH" when cusack wrecks malloy's awesome sports car.
JOHN: but that was a nice car! john cusack shouldn't have ruined it like that for laughs.
JOHN: i know *I* wasn't laughing, were you?
JOHN: john cusack was such a terrible character in this movie now that i think about it. i don't really get what he added to it?
JOHN: he was like the second hero... but dorkier? what did he even really do? he scampered around the junkyard for a while goofing off, and then when it was his time to shine...
JOHN: HE DEMONSTRATED HIS MASTERY OVER HEAVY MACHINERY! wow, he can operate a crane! i am thrilled by the exploits of this pedantic weenie.
JOHN: i guess he's actually like cage's estranged sidekick? almost like the robin that batman never realized he had.
JOHN: now that i think about it, this movie was always an oddly poignant tale of bromance between cage and cusack. just two bros separated by destiny, waiting to be united.
JOHN: when they finally come together to kick some ass, it is arguably more moving than when he reunites with his wife and daughter!
JOHN: i wonder if i'll think that scene sucks now too? it used to move me to tears, but now i'll probably think it's so lame, i'm almost afraid to watch it. maybe i should try to leave at least SOME memories untainted.
JOHN: yeah right! crazy like a fOWWW!
JOHN: oh...
JOHN: i guess there was a stray feather clinging to my pajamas and it just poked me in the ass.
JOHN: god damn dave sprite.
JOHN: that guy molts like it's going out of style.
JOHN: where is he anyway?
JOHN: i specifically told dave sprite several times when my party would start, because i knew he would do this.
JOHN: he's already missed half the movie!
JOHN: um... because that's his name?
JOHN: dave sprite.
JOHN: what ever.
JOHN: i can't believe he's standing me up on my birthday.
JOHN: maybe he doesn't want to hang out with jaspers?
JOHN: jaspers, i hope you're not going to start chasing him around again when he gets here.
JOHN: dude, shut up.
JOHN: aw, man. really?
JOHN: i knew we shouldn't have invited both him and jaspers.
JOHN: that's just party planning BASICS.
JOHN: oh.
JOHN: then why?
JOHN: what!!!
JOHN: when did that happen?
JOHN: no. no way.
JOHN: i cannot accept this!
JOHN: you and dave sprite were like the glue holding everything together on this miserable road trip!
JOHN: yes, jade.
JOHN: you were our rock.
JOHN: come on, jade.
JOHN: you and dave sprite were like... an INSTITUTION on this stupid golden battleship.
JOHN: why did he break up with you?!
JOHN: stuff??
JOHN: what stuff.
JOHN: jade, we are all going through stuff. you don't see me flying off the handle and breaking up with MY girlfriend.
JOHN: that is not the point.
JOHN: the point is that dave sprite is a douche.
JOHN: no, he's an orange feathery douche.
JOHN: why is he such a basket case? he's like regular dave, but like, aloof enigma edition.
JOHN: maybe it's because he's part bird? i think becoming a bird and a sprite did something weird to him.
JOHN: normal dave was so much more level headed.
JOHN: i have to admit, i spend a lot of time wondering what he and rose are up to.
JOHN: ehh...
JOHN: maybe it's for the best he broke up with you.
JOHN: well, what kind of future do you think you would have with him?
JOHN: he's a sprite. like really, what even is a sprite? how long do they live? will he still be around if we win the new game we are allegedly trying to get to?
JOHN: there are a lot of things we don't know.
JOHN: and also...
JOHN: how do things even work if you marry a sprite?
JOHN: i mean...
JOHN: ok, he has a ghost butt, for one thing.
JOHN: a GHOST BUTT, jade!
JOHN: i'm just saying...
JOHN: what? no, i was just...
JOHN: but
JOHN: ok, fine.
JOHN: nothing!
JOHN: no!!!
JOHN: well, maybe i'm just getting a little tired of being stuck on this lame boat!
JOHN: don't you think it's gotten kind of old?
JOHN: oh sure, i'm sure it's GREAT for you. you get to spend your days smooching and breaking up with dave sprite and what not, and you can shrink down to any old planet you feel like, any time. whereas i have to make this whole big deal of ASKING you to shrink or unshrink me, and...
JOHN: i know, but you think i want to bug you about that at the drop of a hat? when you're busy and on dates and stuff? i just happen to have respect for something called PERSONAL BOUNDARIES, jade.
JOHN: and it's not like there's really anyone else to talk to, except the inscrutable chess people and a bunch of brainless consorts and an idiot cat princess. oh and also nanna, but i mean, she's my grandmother, and she's great, but a guy can only spend so much quality time with his grandmother before he starts to feel like kind of a loser whose friends are too busy to spend time with him!
JOHN: and i still never visit any interesting dream bubbles, and we can't even finish our cool planet quests because the moment we broke through the window all our denizens decided to go back to sleep, and...
JOHN: i guess what i'm saying is, i'm MORE than ready to get to the other window and meet our friends and other new people and stuff.
JOHN: are you sure you can't make the ship go faster???
JOHN: and how fast is that again?
JOHN: well, can't you use your space powers and bump it up a notch?
JOHN: and why can't you teleport us again?
JOHN: is that why we can't go faster than light either?
JOHN: ok, i mean, i know that. but this isn't really a regular place, right?
JOHN: isn't the speed of light like a thousand miles a second? so what does that really mean here? are miles and seconds the same here as on earth? how does this nonsense dimension we're racing through jive with all the relativity mumbo jumbo?
JOHN: no, i don't want to talk about physics! i don't know anything about the laws of physics, because they are hard and boring.
JOHN: i simply would like them to behave in a way that is most convenient to ME and MY LIFE! is that really asking too much?
JOHN: well, guess what? SCIENCE IS STUPID BULLSHIT!!!
JOHN: no.
JOHN: magic is awesome.
JOHN: science blows.
JOHN: the end.
JOHN: what?
JOHN: huh?
JOHN: oh god dammit.
JOHN: STRIIIIIIDEEEERRRRRRRR!!!!!
JOHN: THAT BASTARD!!!
JOHN: THIS IS TOTALLY OUTRAGEOUS.
JOHN: I WILL TELL YOU WHAT IT IS.
JOHN: IT IS THE LAST FUCKING STRAW!!!
JOHN: RAAARARRAAUUUAAAAUUAGHGHGGHGGGGHHGH!
JOHN: I'M GOING TO GO KICK HIS ASS!
JOHN: POSING AS MY DEAD FATHER BY MIMICKING ONE OF HIS GREAT FATHERLY NOTES HE USED TO HIDE AROUND THE HOUSE???
JOHN: AND ON THE TWO YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE DAY HE WAS SLAIN BY JACK NOIR, A *FACT* OF WHICH THAT CHEEKY ORANGE ASSHOLE IS PLAINLY AWARE??????
JOHN: THIS IS A NEW LOW, EVEN FOR DAVE SPRITE!
JOHN: NO, SCREW THAT, I AM SUPER PISSED OFF ABOUT THIS!
JOHN: THERE IS ONLY ONE WAY TO SETTLE THIS, AND THAT IS WITH AN OLD FASHIONED BEATDOWN.
JOHN: WHERE'S MY HAMMER!!!!!
JOHN: ANY OLD HAMMER!
JOHN: WHATEVER. IT COULD BE A HAMMER FROM THE BARGAIN BIN OF A HARDWARE STORE FOR ALL I CARE.
JOHN: JUST GIVE ME ANYTHING THAT'S FIT FOR CLOBBERING A GHOST BOTTOMED DICK FACE WHO'S ALSO A BIRD.
JOHN: I'M COMING FOR YOU, DAVE SPRITE!
JOHN: DO YOU HEAR ME, YOU MAGICAL SON OF A BITCH? I KNOW YOU CAN HEAR ME!
JOHN: THAT STUNT WASN'T COOL! *YOU'RE* NOT COOL!
JOHN: LIKE IT WASN'T BAD ENOUGH YOU DUMPED JADE FOR NO REASON. WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU!
JOHN: YOU AND JADE WERE OUR ROCK ON THIS SHIP! YOU HEAR ME?? OUR ROOOOOOOOCK!!!
JOHN: AND NOW *THIS* BULLSHIT??? WHAT THE HELL, MAN.
JOHN: I DON'T GO AROUND LEAVING FAKE PUZZLES FOR YOU LIKE FROM THE MOVIE SAW, DO I? HAVE YOU EVER HEARD ME SAY I WANT TO PLAY A GAME EVEN *ONCE*?? WELL, HAVE YOU????
JOHN: NO, BECAUSE THAT WOULD STIR UP PAINFUL MEMORIES OF A DEARLY DEPARTED LOVED ONE, AND THEREFORE WOULD BE UNBELIEVABLY SHITTY OF ME!!!!!!!!
JOHN: HEY! I SEE YOU THERE!
JOHN: GET DOWN FROM THERE RIGHT NOW, WISE GUY!
JOHN: OH NO, DON'T PLAY DUMB. I CAN SEE YOU PLAIN AS DAY. I'M ON TO YOU, BUDDY.
JOHN: STOP VAGUELY WATERMARKING THE SKY WITH YOUR SMUG DOUCHEY FACE THIS INSTANT AND FIGHT ME LIKE A MAN!!!
JOHN: YEAH SURE, LAUGH IT UP! THAT MAKES YOU SEEM LIKE WAY LESS OF A TOOL. NICE GOING BRO!
JOHN: EVERYONE ON THIS BOAT IS SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR BULLSHIT! WHY DON'T YOU JUST FLY AWAY AND LEAVE US ALONE?
JOHN: HOW CAN YOU BE SO MUCH MORE OF A PRICK THAN THE REAL DAVE? YOU ARE THE MOST PISS POOR SUBSTITUTE FOR A BEST FRIEND A GUY EVER HAD.
JOHN: I CAN'T *WAIT* TO MEET UP WITH THE REAL DAVE AGAIN. THAT WAY WE CAN ALL GO BACK TO THE AWESOME STATUS QUO OF PRETENDING YOU NEVER EXISTED IN THE FIRST PLACE!
JOHN: oh he's THERE alright.
JOHN: he's probably just using some sprite magic so only i can see him.
JOHN: don't you see, jade? he's antagonizing ME PERSONALLY, not you. he's done with you, remember?
JOHN: he already used you like a rented mule, and now he is moving on to greener pastures.
JOHN: it's me.
JOHN: I'M the pastures.
JOHN: and now his mule is grazing all over them, while he has a good laugh.
JOHN: no, you see, it's...
JOHN: the mule represented, like...
JOHN: i don't know, like the spirit animal of his douchey ways. or something.
JOHN: augh, WHO CAAARES.
JOHN: who cares about mules, or pastures, or dave sprite's stupid ephemeral sky visage.
JOHN: who cares about anything!!!
JOHN: who cares about my birthday, or nic cage, or this boat full of idiots.
JOHN: JUST.
JOHN: WHO.
JOHN: CARES.
JOHN: hehe...
JOHN: huh?
JOHN: what... the ring?
JOHN: who are you?
JOHN: so you found it here, like exactly where i just found it... but then instead of picking it up, you fell asleep?
JOHN: sorry buddy. as the age old saying goes, you snooze, you lose.
JOHN: why were you even asleep?
JOHN: this is such a dumb place to fall asleep, dude.
JOHN: who?
JOHN: i know what it means!
JOHN: no offense, but you seem like kind of a lame troll. i don't think we ever talked before, did we?
JOHN: no way! it's mine bro.
JOHN: i dunno. this ring is pretty sweet. the price would have to be pretty steep.
JOHN: why do you want this desert ring so bad. is it magic?
JOHN: i don't really feel magic wearing it...
JOHN: i mean, not any more than usual.
JOHN: well, i'm not giving it to you unless you have a really good reason.
JOHN: that's cool. guess i will just enjoy this ring forever, as my property.
JOHN: yeah right, dude. would an awful guy be wearing such a sweet, priceless ring? i don't think so!
JOHN: yeah...
JOHN: you sure did explain that, i guess.
JOHN: oh!
JOHN: you want to use it to propose to your girlfriend?
JOHN: heh... that is not really what i was expecting to hear.
JOHN: i thought you were just being a greedy treasure grubbing douche.
JOHN: yes.
JOHN: but that's a pretty good reason.
JOHN: i guess i can let you have it, if it is going to result in a happy marriage.
JOHN: who is the lucky lady, anyway?
JOHN: who??
JOHN: hey!
JOHN: hey...
JOHN: excuse me, but
JOHN: are you...
JOHN: vriska?
JOHN: uh. that's alright. nice to meet you.
JOHN: wait...
JOHN: are you a ghost too?
JOHN: so... you're dead?
JOHN: ok, i'm still confused though...
JOHN: sorry if i sound dumb, but dream bubbles are still kind of baffling to me.
JOHN: you're, uh... "REALLY" dead?
JOHN: as in, the real you? i mean... dang, what the hell am i even trying to ask here...
JOHN: oh.
JOHN: so when i meet up with everyone on your troll meteor in a year, that means...
JOHN: you'll be...
JOHN: ...
JOHN: well,
JOHN: yeah.
JOHN: it's always sad to hear a friend died. even if you find out about it from their ghost.
JOHN: also, i had kind of thought that when we all arrived at the new session, that...
JOHN: we were going to like... hang out. or something.
JOHN: wow. what even happened out there?
JOHN: what? it did?
JOHN: huh??
JOHN: wait, i'm with tavros here, i think we should back this up a bit.
JOHN: so, my alternate reality ghost dated you?
JOHN: that...
JOHN: but...
JOHN: vriska, this is a very bizarre and unsettling fact to me!
JOHN: because...
JOHN: man, i don't know, it just is!
JOHN: you say we dated for a while, but like, i don't even get to remember doing that?
JOHN: i think that's mostly what's weird about it.
JOHN: well...
JOHN: can you at least tell me what happened there? like, how did that go?
JOHN: oh.
JOHN: what??
JOHN: what do you mean he died?
JOHN: you mean... his GHOST died?
JOHN: as in, he just doesn't exist at all anymore? like DEAD dead?
JOHN: i don't... how does that even...
JOHN: who killed him???
JOHN: was it jack?
JOHN: he is not old news though!
JOHN: he's still as strong and menacing as ever.
JOHN: i just had an awesome battle with him in this very dream bubble!
JOHN: yeah. i found him skulking around a memory of my dead dad, and i got pissed off, so i really let him have it.
JOHN: oh, i even used the cool hammer you helped me make. remember that?
JOHN: yes.
JOHN: the last time i faced him was kind of embarrassing. i let him get the drop on me, and he just stabbed me right away.
JOHN: but this time i think i held my own pretty well. i even got in one good hit against him!
JOHN: i gave him a solid bop on the head, and the dice roll made him wear a silly hat.
JOHN: oh really?
JOHN: i guess so!
JOHN: yeah, he sure was. but our fight was interrupted by like... another taller, white jack dressed in rags.
JOHN: well, no, it wasn't actually a jack, it was someone different altogether, who just looked like him. with wings and a sword and everything.
JOHN: i think the white jack was probably a girl? i'm not sure, but that was my hunch. i didn't talk to her or anything. she looked really angry.
JOHN: anyway, he seemed scared of her, so he flew away, and she chased him.
JOHN: do you know who she was?
JOHN: whatever jack's doing out here in dream bubble land, he seems to have his hands full with her on his tail.
JOHN: but as you can see, he is FAR from out of the picture.
JOHN: what guy?
JOHN: who??
JOHN: ultimate bad guy?
JOHN: you mean like the last boss?
JOHN: ok. if you say so.
JOHN: i always kind of thought jack was evil and strong enough to be our main antagonist. but if you say there is someone even stronger and more evil, then... wow.
JOHN: haha.
JOHN: i see what you mean.
JOHN: you both seem a bit testy with each other. it's kind of funny.
JOHN: actually it's a little hard to believe you and he are...
JOHN: er...
JOHN: never mind, actually.
JOHN: i take it you were pretty good friends back on your planet?
JOHN: um. sure?
JOHN: oh, right. i remember you said you killed someone that you cared about. i guess this is him?
JOHN: hmm, i feel like... maybe we got sidetracked there?
JOHN: maybe you should tell me more about this english guy.
JOHN: frankly, it seems like i'm usually one of the last people to learn about stuff like this, and it's starting to make me feel like a bit of a tool.
JOHN: working on what?
JOHN: oh yeah?
JOHN: what treasure?
JOHN: (stop that!)
JOHN: (keep your hands to yourself.)
JOHN: (no!)
JOHN: (dude, you suck at whispering!)
JOHN: (i changed my mind!)
JOHN: (quit it!)
JOHN: (shut up. i'm keeping it.)
JOHN: (yeah right. like she would even say yes.)
JOHN: (i don't even think she's really your girlfriend. i think you made that up!)
JOHN: (you are so full of shit!)
JOHN: (there's no way you're getting this ring.)
JOHN: (i am going to wish as super hard as i can that i wake up with this ring.)
JOHN: (it's probably magic, so i bet it makes my wish come true!)
JOHN: (if i wish hard enough, that will make it slightly less impossible!)
JOHN: (i think some day i will use it to propose to *MY* girlfriend. what do you think about THAT, wise guy?)
JOHN: (this is pathetic.)
JOHN: (stop grabbing at me! we're missing what she's saying!)
JOHN: (she's going to think we're idiots, won't you STOP?)
JOHN: yes!
JOHN: those are all treasure maps?
JOHN: um...
JOHN: where?
JOHN: a black piece of paper?
JOHN: oh.
JOHN: yes, clearly.
JOHN: would that someone be you?
JOHN: that is pretty neat.
JOHN: so does that mean you know where the treasure is now?
JOHN: encouraging it?
JOHN: what, you mean like, making him mad so he breaks more... uh...
JOHN: nothingness?
JOHN: so that means you have to piss him off i guess.
JOHN: i am guessing you have an idea what that might be?
JOHN: so the bait is really you.
JOHN: ok. how do you know he'll go for it? i mean, how will he actually know you're "looking" for her?
JOHN: that sounds... optimistic?
JOHN: heh.
JOHN: well...
JOHN: cool!
JOHN: that was actually a very interesting story, vriska.
JOHN: you're a pretty good story teller!
JOHN: oh yeah?
JOHN: that's... one way of looking at it.
JOHN: i don't know about excessive minutia or brain peace, but i was hanging on every word!
JOHN: i wish i could hang out with you longer and maybe even help you with your treasure hunt.
JOHN: but i just know i'm gonna be waking up soon.
JOHN: darn. who even knows how long it will be before we meet again in another bubble?
JOHN: vriska, is that you?
JOHN: alright.
JOHN: yeah...
JOHN: actually hasn't it been exactly a year?
JOHN: i think it was my birthday last time we met too, heh.
JOHN: you mean the big treasure hunt, with all those black maps?
JOHN: uh... mention what, exactly?
JOHN: by the way, hi tavros.
JOHN: how have you been?
JOHN: cool pirate outfit you have there.
JOHN: i wasn't going to.
JOHN: no argument here!
JOHN: what about the rest of your crew?
JOHN: i remember her, the punky one who always likes to stab me with her spear...
JOHN: but i really hope she doesn't do that this time.
JOHN: but i don't know the one who looks kind of like your sister.
JOHN: what is your name?
JOHN: hi.
JOHN: and what about those two over there?
JOHN: hey.
JOHN: are you alive?
JOHN: your eyes do not look spooky and ghostly.
JOHN: your history? what happened?
JOHN: wait, that's a rude question. sorry.
JOHN: jeez, why does everyone always die so much?
JOHN: what about you... why do you have double eye patches?
JOHN: i can't tell if you're alive too or not, because i can't see if your eyes are spooky.
JOHN: half dead?
JOHN: who's eridan?
JOHN: um, alright. but i don't think i quite followed all of that.
JOHN: what does being half dead mean?
JOHN: and what about all those ships up ahead?
JOHN: are they part of the treasure hunt too?
JOHN: isn't an army on boats usually called a navy?
JOHN: who's in the army?
JOHN: you mean fighting lord english?
JOHN: wait, you're mind controlling all those ghosts?
JOHN: yeah, but...
JOHN: isn't that still kind of, um...
JOHN: dickish?
JOHN: how do you mind control so many ghosts at once?
JOHN: isn't that kind of hard?
JOHN: she is?
JOHN: uh.
JOHN: (god, trolls are so weird.)
JOHN: hey!
JOHN: you snitch.
JOHN: what?
JOHN: oh.
JOHN: sorry.
JOHN: ok.
JOHN: what's the story about?
JOHN: there was a very mysterious alien race called cherubs.
JOHN: wait...
JOHN: does that mean when you're a ghost you still have to pee?
JOHN: that's so weird.
JOHN: am i the only one who thinks that's weird?
JOHN: but weren't you already pretty used to peeing when you were alive?
JOHN: this is kind of a stupid conversation.
JOHN: can we hear more about the snakes and whatnot? it was a pretty cool story.
JOHN: the heroine story ends and the villain story begins.
JOHN: i think...
JOHN: wait.
JOHN: leprechauns??
JOHN: ...
JOHN: hey.
JOHN: aradia, was it?
JOHN: can i ask you something?
JOHN: you seem reasonable, and pretty nice.
JOHN: so i'm wondering.
JOHN: how do you feel about all this?
JOHN: about what vriska and her pirate buddies are doing.
JOHN: no, i know.
JOHN: of course it would be great to have an awesome secret weapon, whatever it is.
JOHN: i mean...
JOHN: how do you feel about the way they've been searching for it?
JOHN: by using all your ghost clone friends as bait.
JOHN: and getting the bad guy to blow them all up to reveal the way to the treasure?
JOHN: ok, yes.
JOHN: let's assume it was the only way to find it. granted.
JOHN: but i mean, does that really make it the right way to beat him?
JOHN: well, how do you feel about it?
JOHN: most of the other pirates seem cool with it, so i'm wondering if you feel differently.
JOHN: um...
JOHN: sort of.
JOHN: but i didn't know what you were all doing yet.
JOHN: yeah, but...
JOHN: i'm just hanging out here cause i'm asleep! what else was i going to do?
JOHN: ok, but what about your friends!
JOHN: don't you care about them?
JOHN: then why do you seem so...
JOHN: cheerful?
JOHN: when so many of them are getting zapped by lasers.
JOHN: kinda!
JOHN: ...
JOHN: i'm sorry, maybe i spaced out through some of that.
JOHN: but i'm still not sure what you're talking about.
JOHN: maybe you could just simplify it for me.
JOHN: are you a good guy or a bad guy?
JOHN: dammit.
JOHN: ok, could you just... maybe...
JOHN: give me an idea of what it is you actually want out of all this?
JOHN: oh my god, you are all so insane!
JOHN: oh holy shit another story? i'm there!!!
JOHN: sorry aradia, i'd love to keep chatting, but you heard the lady. it's story time again.
JOHN: ok. what's this one about?
JOHN: ogre sex, or salamander shipping, or something?
JOHN: what's the matter?
JOHN: hey, vriska.
JOHN: actually...
JOHN: you know that ring?
JOHN: i have it now.
JOHN: no, i mean, not on me.
JOHN: i guess i wasn't wearing it when i fell asleep.
JOHN: it seems to have the power to come with me in and out of my dreams, as long as i'm wearing it.
JOHN: that's how i got it in the first place. i had it on when i woke up.
JOHN: i don't know.
JOHN: i guess...
JOHN: i liked it, and i just wanted to hang on to it for some reason.
JOHN: but i didn't know i would wake up with it.
JOHN: yeah...
JOHN: maybe.
JOHN: i'll think about it.
JOHN: well, yeah.
JOHN: it sounds like an important item, so deciding what to do with it is kind of a big responsibility.
JOHN: it's supposed to bring ghosts back to life, but we don't know how it works.
JOHN: what if it only keeps you alive as long as you're wearing it?
JOHN: that would mean only one ghost could come back.
JOHN: but there are a lot of ghosts!
JOHN: i'm just not sure what to do yet.
JOHN: yeah, well frankly, i don't give a shit about the orange guy!
JOHN: the ring is mine for now, so i'm the one who has to figure out what to do with it.
JOHN: speaking of waking up, it's probably time i got going too.
JOHN: i'm not trying to join the mutiny or anything, but i do have friends waiting for me out there.
JOHN: uh...
JOHN: it's fine. we can stay friends.
JOHN: i don't really like to make enemies with people, even if they're...
JOHN: umm.
JOHN: vriska, i have to be honest. years ago when we first talked, it was a lot of fun to get to know you.
JOHN: and i admit i thought about you a lot since then.
JOHN: but i guess i never quite realized how little i actually understood you.
JOHN: during this crazy treasure quest, i tried to reserve judgment, like maybe it was just a troll thing i didn't get.
JOHN: but seeing how those other guys felt about it, i think it's more complicated than that.
JOHN: obviously not all trolls are like you.
JOHN: and i know i'm not.
JOHN: maybe this was all for a good cause, but it still felt like a pretty fucked up way to go about it.
JOHN: and...
JOHN: all i'm saying is, i'm ready to go. i've seen enough, and i miss my friends.
JOHN: i'll think about what to do with the ring, but honestly...
JOHN: again, i am just keeping it real!
JOHN: but if i am really thinking hard about who i should bring back to life...
JOHN: i dunno if my conscience can justify bringing back someone so...
JOHN: dangerous.
JOHN: you don't?
JOHN: ...
JOHN: huh?
JOHN: oh. right.
JOHN: i guess i'll just be...
JOHN: wh...
JOHN: what?
JOHN: oh.
JOHN: sure.
JOHN: i guess i'll go a little further and check out the treasure.
JOHN: heh, you're right. it would be dumb not to.
JOHN: me?
JOHN: what?
JOHN: we do?
JOHN: ...
JOHN: ok.
JOHN: i see.
JOHN: what's that?
JOHN: hmm.
JOHN: alright. then i guess that settles that.
JOHN: then, uh...
JOHN: don't?
JOHN: yes.
JOHN: my friends mean a lot to me too.
JOHN: uh, no?
JOHN: ok, jeez!
JOHN: i promise no matter what, i won't let you have the ring!
JOHN: i'll hide it or something. or better yet, i'll just give it to someone else before you get the chance to steal it.
JOHN: how does that sound?
JOHN: hang on, i'm coming!!!
JOHN: so the treasure's in that chest?
JOHN: are you gonna tell us more about it yet?
JOHN: (who's she talking to?)
JOHN: ...
JOHN: ok, i'm not sure what that crazy outburst was about.
JOHN: i think i'll just let that one go.
JOHN: but you say this little house thing is intangible?
JOHN: so i can't touch it?
JOHN: what happens if i try?
JOHN: i'm not too worried.
JOHN: this is just my dream hologram self, or some nonsense.
JOHN: how many times has meenah stabbed me with her fork?
JOHN: and i always wake up fine!
JOHN: ouch!
JOHN: what.
JOHN: does this mean...
JOHN: we're here?
JOHN: hello???
JOHN: is anyone there?
JOHN: jade?
JOHN: nanna??
JOHN: jaspers???
JOHN: dave sprite????
JOHN: ...
JOHN: ... regular dave?
JOHN: where IS everyone?
JOHN: this sucks.
JOHN: ...
JOHN: sigh.
JOHN: hi dave! 
JOHN: what's so funny?
JOHN: what were you looking at there... 
JOHN: hey, are you crying? 
JOHN: ... 
JOHN: heh, yeah. 
JOHN: can i see? 
JOHN: yes. 
JOHN: uh oh. 
JOHN: dave, i have to go! 
JOHN: i can't hang around in one place for too long. 
JOHN: let's catch up later, ok? 
JOHN: see you buddy!
