AG: Taaaaaaaavros.
AG: Red team is going to 8ite the dust!
AG: And I know you are on the red team.
AG: Yeah, you totally are.
AG: My team's got no use for a 8oy that can't make no use of his legs!
AG: You were f8ed for a team of losers, full of 8lind girls and lame 8oys and cranky iiiiiiiim8eciles.
AG: ::::)
AG: Oh????????
AG: Whaaaaaaaat. Promised who?
AG: Omg, who's that????????
AG: I h8 this guy already!
AG: Haha! So he's imaginary! A fake.
AG: Like a made up friend, the way fairies are.
AG: Made up make believe fakey fake fakes.
AG: Who told you to do something so fraudulent?
AG: Oh maaaaaaaan, what a meddler.
AG: I h8 her meddling! Why is she always meddling?
AG: I don't know if it was a joke, 8ut man.
AG: I don't think it was a joke. It was more like........
AG: Ok, complete this analogy.
AG: Laughing is to a joke as meddling is to ........?
AG: Exactly! That's what she just did to you.
AG: It is worse than a joke. It is worse than anything you can do.
AG: Next time tell her to can it! That's what I do.
AG: But she keeps 8ugging me. 8ugging and fussing and meddling. What's her deal!
AG: I guess it's flattering that she wants to talk to me so much though. I guess I don't mind. It's cool.
AG: Anyway Tavros, you've been amazingly 8oring as usual, so I'm going to go.
AG: This show needs to get on the freaking road.
AG: 8elieve it or not, the 8lue team doesn't have a single player in the session yet!
AG: While you guys have like two or three or such!
AG: Un8elievable, I wonder what the holdup is. Oh well, let's face it! You guys need the head start.
AG: Ok, anyway, good luck to you. It will be just like old tiiiiiiiimes.
AG: :::;)
AG: Adios, Toreasnore!!!!!!!!
AG: Araaaaaaaadiiiiiiiia!
AG: I know!
AG: So we're a8out to get started right?
AG: Have you tricked Sollux yet?
AG: Do you have Mr. Two Eyes all 8efuddled and flustered in your we8 of lies?
AG: Or Mr. Four Eyes?
AG: Hmmmmmmmmm.
AG: I don't know. Which nickname do you think would 8e suita8ly derogatory in this case Aradia?
AG: ::::P
AG: Ok, whatever. The point is.
AG: Once you have pulled the finely woven silken mesh over his dum8 different colored eyes, you and I will start playing the game and 8e the 8lue team leaders.
AG: That's how this will work right????????
AG: Wait do you mind if we are co-leaders? I forgot to ask! I just assumed it was ok with you.
AG: Great. That's the spirit!
AG: And when I 8ring you into the game, whatever the hell that means, then we can send each other stuff right? That is how this works right?
AG: Awesome!
AG: 8ecause I have a present for you. It's a surprise, and it's going to 8e great. From me to you.
AG: Just from me. From me alone and no8ody else.
AG: I can't wait to see the look on your face when you see.
AG: Hey speaking of which, what will the name of our team 8e?
AG: No no no no no. I know that.
AG: I mean the name of OUR team. You and me. Just uuuuuuuus.
AG: ::::)
AG: I just thought it would 8e really fitting.
AG: Kind of like a fresh start, you know?
AG: I don't know, what are our shared interests? I guess I never really thought a8out this! I guess I'm used to thinking of you as the enemy. There must 8e some overlap in profiles.
AG: Come oooooooon, let's 8rainstorm!
AG: Man, it'll 8e great. We'll 8e unstoppa8le. Surely you must admit it will 8e nice to re8ound from the Team Charge de8acle!
AG: Oh maaaaaaaan, I'm so dum8! Here I am running my mouth and opening up old wounds, while at the very same time trying to make amends! What an idiot.
AG: Hey speaking of which, that loser isn't going to 8e on the 8lue team is he?
AG: Your old team 8uddy!
AG: Oh thank fucking goodness! Talk a8out dead weight. You made the right choice, leader! I mean co-leader.
AG: Man, now I've got this huge 8eefgrub lodged in my nook just thinking a8out him.
AG: I'm going to go give him a hard time.
AG: Let me know when you're live! Later.
AG: Wellllllll?
AG: Hey 8oy-Skytard, are you going to just stand there all night?
AG: Make your move, make your move, make your move!
AG: Weak! Weaky weaky weak.
AG: Yes. Your 8l8tant excuse making is the weakiest lame that ever shit the coward 8ed.
AG: Roll your dice. Make your move.
AG: Advance or a8scond!
AG: 8ut a8sconding is what you do 8est!
AG: I 8n't managed to cloud a scenario yet you couldn't squawk out of in a 8lazing trail of cluck8east feathers.
AG: You cannot hope to 8eat Tavros Nitram in an a8scond-off.
AG: He is simply the 8est there is!
AG: Hey pipe down!
AG: Make your move!
AG: Advance or a8scond, advance or a8scond!
AG: Roll, Tavros! Roll!!!!!!!!
AG: No one can help you, Taaaaaaaavros!
AG: ::::)
AG: Time to decide!
AG: What does that have to do with your present cowardice?
AG: Are you going to roll?
AG: Why not?
AG: So, you give up?
AG: Why not roll and make it official?
AG: Why would you want to cheapsk8 me out of 8onuses like that? It's so thoughtless.
AG: Am I going to have to take matters into my own hands?
AG: To make your move for you?
AG: 8ut if you are going to 8reak the rules and refuse to roll, what choice do I have!
AG: I h8 that it had to come to this 8ut what can I do!
AG: Tavros, have I mentioned how cute you look in that plucky little outfit?
AG: Why if I didn't know 8etter, I'd say I was playing with Pupa Pan himself!
AG: Isn't that what you want, Tavros? To 8e like Pupa?
AG: Of course you do! What 8oy wouldn't want to 8e like Pupa! So dashing and 8rave.
AG: He is everything you are not!
AG: For one thing, he can flyyyyyyyy.
AG: Do you want to flyyyyyyyy, Tavros?
AG: Have you ever tried to fly? I 8et you haven't!
AG: How a8out we take to the skies, Pupa!
AG: Hahahaha, oh you like that idea, Pupa? Yes, you do. I can feel it in your simple, mallea8le 8rain.
AG: You want to fly so 8ad!
AG: Fly, Pupa!!!!!!!!
AG: Flyyyyyyyy!
AG: Hahahahahahahaha!
AG: Aaaaaaaahahahahahahahaha!
AG: Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!
AG: Haaaaaaaahaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaahaaaaaaaa!
AG: Adios, Toreadum8ass.
AG: :::;D
AG: Psssssssst.
AG: Hey 8rave leader.
AG: Can I join your team?
AG: Vile 8acksta88ing sociopath? Karkat, did you copy and p8ste that phrase directly from your personal ad descri8ing what you are looking for in a lady?
AG: That's not a 8ad guess! 8ut man! Karkat you sure are giving me a hard time.
AG: I don't see how we're supposed to 8e 8ecoming friends if you recoil from my olive 8ranch like I'm twitching a mummified 8ovine phallus in your direction.
AG: Not even h8 friends?
AG: Yessssssss. I'll take it!
AG: Anyway, I was just joking a8out wanting to 8e on your team.
AG: I'm already on the 8lue team.
AG: Yes, Aradia and I have an arrangement. We will 8e co-leaders.
AG: (But really I will 8e the leader! Heh heh. Shh! Don't tell anyone!)
AG: What do you think, Karkat? Can you take on two dangerous laaaaaaaadies at once?
AG: Come on! Aren't you a little nervous that I will oppose you? You should 8e!
AG: Pshhhhhhhh. Those days are far 8ehind me.
AG: Anyway, I can't control just any8ody. They've got to 8e impressssssssiona8le. Like you!
AG: Sure I can. I just choose not to.
AG: I find your mind totally unpalata8le to 8rowse. Looking into your 8rain is like pawing through a smelly dumpster.
AG: Full of 8roken glass and razor 8lades!
AG: And poop. D::::
AG: Oh, 8ack so soon! Did your thum8 slip on the 8utton????????
AG: I guess you can't get enough of me.
AG: ::::)
AG: You 8n't got nothing on me and you can't prove shit!!!!!!!!
AG: Anyway, Karkat, I just wanted to say.
AG: <3
AG: Oh my god, why are you talking to me????????
AG: Still sticking with the white text I see. So smooth and stylish!
AG: I forgot how much I loved highlighting it to read all the 8oring things you have to say.
AG: It's like a fun game for super extra handicapped retarded people. Like opening a present! Find out what o8noxious thing the mystery tool typed.
AG: What is it!
AG: You didn't exploit me.
AG: You are just a petty douche with a 8ad temper who likes to pl8y g8mes, and all I did w8s humor you.
AG: So full of yourself!!!!!!!!
AG: Don't ch8nge the su8ject!!!!!!!!
AG: XXXXO
AG: I'm going to log off in a 8ig huff and you have to promise not to use that nasty trick where you log me 8ack on out of petty douchey spite!
AG: And then we can go 8ack to never ever talking, 8ecause man! That was heaven when it was like th8t!!!!!!!!
AG: Mm hmm. Slow down! Man.
AG: I am just wearing out so many pens taking all these important notes! Fuuuuuuuuck!
AG: Fuck you for ruining all my good note-taking pens and giving me this terri8le cramp in my good note-taking hand!!!!!!!!
AG: Blech. What a sno8. You're worse than my meddley meddler meddlefriend.
AG: I thought you said you would 8e 8rief????????
AG: Zzzzzzzz. 8ye, assh8le.
AG: Whaaaaaaaat.
AG: Huh? What kind of question is that!
AG: Is this a trick? Are you trying to sa8otage me? Are you in cahoots with someone????????
AG: Cahoooooooots!!!!!!!!
AG: Cahoots I say.
AG: What? Oh no.
AG: How did that happen?
AG: Really? Are you sure it wasn't sa8otage? I would suspect sa8otage if I was you.
AG: ::::(
AG: She was so cool, you had the coolest lusus of anyone I know.
AG: I wanted to meet her some day.
AG: Yeah, meet her corpse! I guess that's not so bad a consol8tion prize.
AG: Seeing a 8ig dead cool mother gru8. Wow!
AG: You were so lucky. My lusus sucks! Haha.
AG: Why did you ask if she's dead, anyway? Do you know something????????
AG: Okaaaaaaaay, I don't really get that. So you can just go ahead think I'm some dum8 flighty 8road again.
AG: Now you have me a little worried. Man! I hope she's ok.
AG: Why would this happen? This is just my luck. Have some died 8esides yours????????
AG: And uh, you know who's, I guess. ::::o
AG: You mean a curse?
AG: Wow, between his curse and my shitty luck we are so screwed.
AG: Whew! There goes another one sailing over the idi8t girl's head! Ok, lay it on me.
AG: Uh. Ok.
AG: Why do you try to help me and stuff? What's the point!
AG: It's kind of bothersome. And insulting sometimes!
AG: So I have a messy room. 8ig deal. My luck fucking 8lows! It's got nothing to do with it and you just don't even know.
AG: Meddler. Why you so meddley, Miss Meddlesome McFussyfangs????????
AG: No way! I'm just fine. Why don't you can it.
AG: ::::P
AG: Ok, so you're spying on me. Kind of creepy! Man, m8y8e you should get a l8fe.
AG: Or you know, if you're so h8gh 8nd might8 an8 th8nk you're so gr8at, m8y88 you c8uld oh I d8n't kn8w........
AG: TRY AND ST8P ME FROM DO8NG B8D THINGS????????
AG: U88888888h!
AG: Ok, gr8. Fine! I'm going to check on my lusus now.
AG: 8ut I'm starting to think you are full of shit, and I am quite sure she will 8e QU8TE FIN8!
AG: Aaaaaaaah!
AG: Man, why d8dn't I just get th8 last w8rd and sign off real qu8ck like I usu8lly do????????
AG: Let you sne8k th8t stink8n' littl8 ninja quip in th8r8. Ah! So m8d.
AG: Lousy st8pid godd8mn supportive fri8nd!
AG: Equiiiiiiiiuuuuuuuus.
AG: Hey! I'm a8out to meddle with so many losers right now.
AG: So many! All the losers. All of them.
AG: Oh man, was that sarcasm? That sounded like sarcasm!
AG: Pshhhhhhhh, I know! I know you never make jokes. I was the one 8eing sarcastic, you stooge!
AG: I was 8eing sarcastic a8out you 8eing sarcastic. Duh.
AG: The fuck I am! Anyway. Hey!
AG: Did you finish Aradia's present yet? I'm a8out to fuss with her and I want to know if I can keep my promise or if you're gonna make a liar out of me.
AG: Great! Thanks, 8uddy. I'll 8e w8ting here for you.
AG: 8ecause I promised I would and it's none of your damn 8usiness! Man.
AG: Quit your prying! Always fidgeting and poking and prying.
AG: Agreeeeeeeed.
AG: So just to review!
AG: We will let Aradia perpetr8 her cute little ploy on Sollux and usurp his power.
AG: Isn't it funny when these chumps try to get all tactical and underhanded? It's really adora8le!
AG: Anyway. She makes her little powergra8, and that's when we 8oth step in and usurp her as co-leaders.
AG: Right????????
AG: Ok, good. Then the 8est team will 8e led 8y the two highest 8loods, the way it should 8e!
AG: Or at least, the highest 8loods who aren't shitty clown worshippers or under water freaks. Sound good?
AG: Yes.
AG: Yes.
AG: Yeeeeeeees!!!!!!!!
AG: Gr8! What a gr8 team we are.
AG: Heeeeeeeey........
AG: You wouldn't 8e planning anything sneaky, would you????????
AG: What! How could you suggest such a thing! Man, so insulting.
AG: Perfect. We have the perfect plan, and no one is plotting any sort of dou8lecrossings or 8acksta88ery or anything like that.
AG: I know! Don't worry, dude. I trust you completely.
AG: 8ullshit!
AG: Pro8a8ly just another one of your many daily rage aneurysms.
AG: Why don't you cool your jets and have a glass of gross muscle8east milk????????
AG: Oh g8d!
AG: D8n't you d8re!!!!!!!!
AG: It looks like tonight we will have to 8reak our truce. Or at least suspend it. Hope you don't mind!
AG: Because tonight we will play a game together. For the first time in I don't even know. Forever!
AG: Man, you like to give me such a hard time a8out all that. I can't catch a 8reak!
AG: Can't you see I'm trying to put all that 8ehind me and make amends with every8ody?
AG: No, of course you can't see that. What am I saying!
AG: ::::(
AG: I'll prove it to you. I'm giving Aradia a present that will make her feel all 8etter finally.
AG: Then I'll 8e in the clear. Phew! Totally redeemed. You'll see. I mean smell.
AG: Man, why can't you cut me some slack for once????????
AG: It's not like I even did anything that 8ad to you.
AG: I lost seven eyes 8ut you only lost two! I would say you came out ahead in the 8argain.
AG: Ugh! Your sarcasm really stings when here I am just trying to 8e nice. Ok, I guess I deserve it.
AG: Aaaaaaaah!
AG: Fine, 8e that way. But you shouldn't sit there and pretend we're so different.
AG: Remem8er Team Scourge? How convenient all that must 8e to have forgotten! You were so nasty.
AG: Oh man, if you crossed Terezi Pyrope you were fucked!!!!!!!!
AG: Yeah, those were the days.
AG: I mean, days full of mist8kes and r8gret!
AG: But it was still a lot of fun. Watching you dismantle huge teams of Flarpers with nothing 8ut politics and head games.
AG: Without even using any special powers! Wow.
AG: Come oooooooon!
AG: What do I have to do here?
AG: Well if you want to know what I think, you should start changing your tune.
AG: Cause even though you got all these highfalutin morals and fancy reserv8tions, you know as well as me that a killer is a killer is a killer!
AG: There 8n't no ch8nging your ways for good, and one d8y you're going to flail that silly l8ttle cane of yours and not find n8thin to 8ump into, and fall f8ce first into the shit ag8in.
AG: And you're going to do something t8rri8le to some8ody and wish you could t8ke it 8ack 8ut you c8n't!!!!!!!!
AG: And then you'll work hard to win 8ack their trust, and you'll try and try and tr8, and you'll see how hard it is!
AG: You'll seeeeeeee!
AG: You'll see.
AG: I am whispering that and it is echoing and ominous.
AG: You'll seeeeeeee........
AG: You'll seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
AG: eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee........
AG: Hahahahahahahaha.
AG: Whoa, what was that????????
AG: There was a loud noise outside my hive!
AG: It sounded like an explosion.
AG: And then another one!
AG: And now something that sounds like an avalanche!!!!!!!!
AG: That dum8ass is probably punching ro8ots again.
AG: I will go outside and look.
AG: You got it! ::::::::)
AG: Well what! I am surrounded 8y ghosts and kind of fre8king out a8out it!
AG: I don't know, I guess I will just curl into a little 8all and cry and hope they go aw8y!
AG: Is that what you want to hear you sick f8ck????????
AG: Who????????
AG: Will that make them go away?
AG: I don't have to do shit!
AG: May8e I don't mind ghosts. May8e they'll 8e gr8 company once I get used to them!
AG: Ok, so why don't YOU kill her! 8e my guest! Wow, thanks for offering. Wh8t a pal!
AG: Oh really, well you seemed pretty excited a8out killing Tavros too.
AG: And you even helped! So I guess that is how you work after all.
AG: I know I did! I still do, I guess. I dunno.
AG: 8ut I was never gonna kill these people. They were like, off limits I guess?
AG: These games were just supposed to 8e fun and serve no other purpose!
AG: Yeah ok, you getting off on talking a girl into killing her 8uddies sure is important!
AG: Los8r.
AG: I'm 8eginning to think you really 8elieve that! So delusion8l. You're just a path8tic, lonely gamer who 8uys into his own character profile 8S.
AG: Hahahahahahahaha!
AG: You're the dum8est omniscient person I ever met.
AG: Sure you know a lot, 8ut I know for a FACT there's stuff you don't know.
AG: 8ecause you need to add more 8l8tant lies to patch up all the holes in your sad cover story.
AG: ::::P
AG: Yeah, 8ut I'm getting closer to 8eating you. You'll see.
AG: Araaaaaaaadiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaa.
AG: Nice trick! With the ghosts and all. Man, you got me pretty good.
AG: Fair enough!
AG: Just wanted to say I'm sorry, that's all.
AG: Yeah I know. I'll make it up to him some day. Don't worry!
AG: Anyway, hey guess what?
AG: I've got a message for you from your 8oyfriend.
AG: He's outside your hive right now!
AG: Take a look.
AG: Well ok, I'm just the messenger. If you want to risk missing him then suit yourself.
AG: L8er!!!!!!!!
AG: Arrivederci, Megido.
AG: Ummmmmmmmm, no?
AG: A8out what?
AG: Oh, that? I thought we were done talking a8out it!
AG: We concluded I messed up and I'm completely horri8le in every way.
AG: I can only feel SO AWFUL, you know. Here, I'm 8anging my head against the desk now.
AG: 8ang 8ang 8ang. Are you happy?
AG: Uuuuuuuugh, what do you want from me????????
AG: You should lighten up a 8it. May8e even congratul8 me!
AG: Wow, great jo8 Vriska! Single handedly taking out Team Charge like that.
AG: No more competition from those low class clowns!
AG: Ok, well, change your mind a8out what!
AG: What are you going to do, Pyrope!
AG: Hahahahahahahaha!
AG: You mean from your tree? With all your AMAAAAAAAAZING POWERS?
AG: Tell me, what sort of powers do tree girls have? Swinging from vines and stuff?
AG: Yeah right!!!!!!!!
AG: Complete and total muscle8east shit!
AG: I don't need to do that to know you're 8luffing.
AG: What's your deal????????
AG: Did you just zap Equius into the game? His hive disappeared!
AG: Hell no! I was supposed to get your surprise present from him! Um, that he was keeping for me! 8ut only temporarily!
AG: And then we were going to jump in the g8me tog8ther! As co-le8ders! Remem8er????????
AG: 8ut!
AG: Aaaaaaaah!
AG: You knew this was going to happen! You were planning it all along! You're planning all this. I know a schemer when I see one!
AG: No! It had to go the way we said it would. I was going to give you the present I convinced him to m8ke for you. Me! It wo8ldn't have got m8de if not f8r me!
AG: And then you could have a 8ody again and everyth8ng would 8e fine. Then we could go 8ack to 8eing friends again.
AG: Yeah!!!!!!!!
AG: I don't know. I felt like we were even if you didn't think so.
AG: I guess I'm not very good at acting like a friend. Or saying stuff like, hey friend! You're my friend! It doesn't really occur to me.
AG: 8ut we were! Why would you play with me if you didn't think I was your friend?
AG: 8arf. More of this apathetic 8aloney. Why don't you cut the ghost girl act already? I get it! You're dead and spooky.
AG: Hm.
AG: Uh, okay?
AG: Haha. Pretty odd!
AG: That's cool, you can ri88it if you want. In a weird way it almost makes you sound normal!
AG: So what now? I guess you and Equius co-lead since he managed to usurp me. That cunning 8astard.
AG: I guess I follow you into the game instead? Fine 8y me! I'll follow you guys. Just give me my orders, 8oss.
AG: Oh what the fuuuuuuuuck!
AG: I get it. I finally see now. This is your revenge.
AG: You finally did it, Megido. You got me pretty good. Well played.
AG: What a load of SHIIIIIIIIT. You've 8een plotting your revenge since day one. And I fell for it like a sucker. Can't say I 8lame you.
AG: 8ut why not!
AG: I killed you!!!!!!!!
AG: AAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!
AG: You're so infuri8ing! Why c8n't you just h8 me? It would 8e a lot easier th8t way.
AG: Or at least feel 8othered or annoyed or S8METHING! God!!!!!!!!
AG: May8e I sh8uld just rip my he8rt out of my chest and pound it to a 8loody pulp here on my desk with my sup8r strong ro8ot arm.
AG: Pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound!
AG: Look at that, more nasty 8lue 8lood all over me. Why not! Might as well op8n the floodg8s and p8nt my whole hive with this oh so envia8le cerulean SWILL.
AG: 8ecause clearly it's up to me to feel em8tions for the 8oth of us, you misera8le soulless witch!
AG: I h88888888 you!
AG: H8 h8 h8 h8 h8 h8 h8 haaaaaaaate!
AG: I only regret killing you cause it m8de you so 8ORING!!!!!!!!
AG: I don't want to 8e on the red team. ::::(
AG: It's full of jerks who just think I'm a 8ig jerk.
AG: Oh god, I can't w8 for THAT convers8tion.
AG: What? Why would that 8e consol8tion? It's more vague spooky nonsense!
AG: Fuck you for me trying to help you.
AG: Fuck the 8lue team, fuck your conniving, fuck Equius's dou8ledealing and the stupid muscle8east he rode in on, and fuck you for s8ving my life.
AG: FUUUUUUUUCK YOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!
AG: You're going to ask me to join your team, aren't you.
AG: I don't seem to have much choice now! Aradia kicked me off the good team.
AG: You dork.
AG: Do you really think your usual pedantic quips are going to 8ug me now????????
AG: I was just 8etrayed and a8andonded 8y my two accomplices and 8est pals, and on top of that I am soaked in the 8lood of my lusus which I just had to decapit8 myself.
AG: So listening to a cra88y asshole 8e all tickled with his own mediocre retorts isn't going to spoil my evening!
AG: Wow.
AG: Uh, good to know.
AG: I guess. ::::\
AG: What! It's so rude to dict8 hygiene procedure to a lady. Under any circumstance! Even for douchey loudmouths with delusions of leadership.
AG: May8e you should try to think a8out the dum8 things that fall out of your protein chute for once, Vantas.
AG: Anyway, you know my 8lood's the prettiest and you'd o8viously kill to have it.
AG: 8S!
AG: Why would you hide 8ehind your lame gray anonymity then?
AG: You do realize everyone thinks that's totally lame, right????????
AG: Fine. Like anyone really cares! It's just lame and insecure.
AG: So why don't you tell me what I've got to do here???????? I await instruction from my 8igshot a8looded leader.
AG: Uggggggggh.
AG: Can't someone else do that?
AG: XXXXO
AG: 8ut I h8 that guy!
AG: This is your command decision? Getting someone who h8s a guy to save his life? Pretty weak, 8oss!
AG: I know. I don't really understand it.
AG: It's just a really special kind of h8! It never goes away and it doesn't make a lot of sense.
AG: Oh god, what?
AG: Fuuuuuuuuck, WHAT are you talking a8out?
AG: Whoa really? Oh no shit, REALLY????????
AG: Karkat, holy fuck.
AG: So.
AG: 8oring.
AG: Oh????????
AG: I hope you know I already wore out some good note-taking pens today. All the pens.
AG: All of them.
AG: Hahahahahahahaha, you don't even know how much I'm laughing at this.
AG: You aren't reading anything I say are you? You just want to talk and talk and talk.
AG: Oh, yeah.
AG: I started tuning you out.
AG: Are you done?
AG: Did you learn this crap from your awful romance movies?
AG: Hey asshole, stop watching movies for girls.
AG: Argh, ok! Man! Just let me connect to stupid 8oy-Dum8fuck so I don't have to listen to this anymore!
AG: What is it now!
AG: You do????????
AG: I mean.
AG: O8viously you do. Duh.
AG: What for?
AG: Um, ok.
AG: I can try.
AG: What does he know?
AG: Awkward? What do you mean?
AG: Settled down?
AG: Oh, only once!
AG: Are you sure you should trust him? I don't know if I would, 8ut hey I'm not the leader.
AG: This game is so stupid.
AG: Whew!!!!!!!!
AG: Oh, man.
AG: Since you're 8leeding I should ask Terezi what color your 8lood is.
AG: Ok, then I'll ask Jack.
AG: Dammit! Stupid lousy tightlipped sta8happy dou8le agents. 
AG: Doesn't Trollian have some kind of viewport feature? 
AG: Yeah ok, here we are a8out to em8ark on an espionage mission. A spying tool sounds totally useless!
AG: Another gr8 point, captain.
AG: Fine, I'll be right there.
AG: Just try not to lose too much of your mystery blood and die.
AG: Whaaaaaaaat.
AG: Taaaaaaaavros!
AG: Go outside and look at what I 8uilt for you! You are going to FLIP!
AG: What are you talking a8out. Look at my 8eatiful 8uilding. Don't you think it's a8out time someone got a little cre8tive with this game????????
AG: Everyone always wants to do things the 8oring way.
AG: Didn't we make a truce, Tavros? That we would try to 8e less 8oring from now on?
AG: You don't want to 8reak your truce with me, do you Tavros?
AG: Gr8. Now get clim8ing!
AG: Man. I knew it. Toreasnooze is 8ACK IN ACTION.
AG: I 8uilt that ramp 8ecause we were in a hurry to save your life, remem8er?
AG: A dead Tavros is even more 8oring than an alive and crippled Tavros 8y a slim margin.
AG: My stair structure is lovely and I'm not changing it.
AG: Now hop out of your wheel device and get clim8ing!!!!!!!!
AG: Or crawling. Whatever! Stop 8eing so helpless. It's pathetic.
AG: What's the rush! You're in the game, safe and sound. Look in the sky. Do you see any meteors? I sure don't!
AG: Siiiiiiiigh.
AG: You did not just use that excuse. We 8oth know you can commune with these things.
AG: Hey! Why don't you psychically command them to carry you up????????
AG: Oh my god that is a gr8 idea. Once again, leave it to Vriska to come up with the cre8tive solutions.
AG: What good would that do you?
AG: Whatever the purpose of this game is, it makes you work hard for it!
AG: That way you 8ecome stronger along the way and you are 8etter prepared for whatever's next.
AG: Remem8er when we used to flarp together???????? It was the exact same principle. And that's why you were always outmatched! You were too soft and not well prepared.
AG: Nothing comes easy, Tavros. That is why we go through the trials in the 8rooding caverns when we are young.
AG: To make sure we are strong when we come out!
AG: Do you remem8er the trials, Tavros?
AG: Well, I do, and they were a 8itch.
AG: 8ut now that I think a8out it, it would make perfect sense if your trials were really easy 8y some mistake.
AG: That is why you are such a soggy phlegm sponge, and why you got picked 8y such a sad, frail little lusus!
AG: 8ut that's ok, it pro8a8ly wasn't your fault. Just a 8ad 8r8k!
AG: You're lucky you have me as a server player, so I can challenge you and help you get strong.
AG: Now hop out of that seat and get clim8ing! I will deliver the device to you once you are at the top.
AG: Clim8, Pupa!
AG: Cliiiiiiiiim8!
AG: No!!!!!!!!
AG: You don't need help from your lame 8ull fairy. He is only holding you 8ack.
AG: God. Pathetic.
AG: This is getting frustrating.
AG: Why did I have to get stuck with the cripple? Just my luck.
AG: Do you have any idea how inconvenient this is? Do you have any sympathy for what I'm dealing with here?
AG: You're so inconsider8. You just sit there looking smug. It's infuri8ing to look at you.
AG: You haven't even thanked me! Or apologized for that matter!!!!!!!!
AG: uHHHHHHHH THANKS VRISKA, fOR sAVING UHH MY LIFE,
AG: uMMMMM IT SURE WAS 8RAVE AND HEROIC AND PRETTY OF YOU,
AG: aLSO uMMM dUHHH,,,, uMMM,,, i AM SORRY FROM THE 8OTTOM OF MY NOOK,,,,,,,,,,
AG: Seriously, how hard would that have 8een?
AG: For 8eing crippled, you ass!
AG: Yes.
AG: Say you're sorry.
AG: 8ullshit!
AG: It's something called 8asic decency and civility you fudge8looded 8oor.
AG: Now get down on your useless wo88ly knees and apologize.
AG: >::::O
AG: Apologize, Pupa!
AG: Apologiiiiiiiize!!!!!!!!
AG: Say you're sorry for being a cripple! Wheeeeeeee!
AG: Aaaaaaaahahahahahahahaha!
AG: Hey, what's your deal!
AG: Shouldn't you 8e helping me out of this jam instead of fussing with my plum8ing????????
AG: That's silly. I made so many ramps, you wouldn't even 8elieve it.
AG: I specifically decided I wanted to 8uild something ugly and 8oring. It is now the land of ramps and yawns.
AG: That lousy snitch! May8e I should take his computer away so he can't go crying to fussyfangs anymore.
AG: No, don't!
AG: I'm only trying to help him. ::::(
AG: Fine.
AG: I'll do something NICE.
AG: I have an idea. I will 8e right 8ack.
AG: And for the record, I was going to do this anyway! I was just trying to make him a 8etter player first.
AG: In the meantime, how a8out I serve my client player the way I think is 8est, and you can do the same for yours????????
AG: Quit cleaning up after me!!!!!!!!
AG: You are so ridiculous.
AG: Flyyyyyyyy!
AG: Oh. That's cool I guess.
AG: Um, I don't know? Pro8a8ly 8uried in the stupid sand somewhere like all the others.
AG: The puzzle sucks! All these puzzles suck.
AG: If I have to help you put one more dum8 sla8 of 8oring rock into another stupid wall indent8tion I am going to put an indent8tion in my desk with my f8ce.
AG: Snore. These puzzles are for wigglers. I solved way 8etter puzzles than this in my heyday as Mindfang.
AG: Oh look some ruins. Oh look another mysterious recess in the wall! I wonder if something fits in there????????
AG: It pro8a8ly just opens a secret passage to more wall indent8tions. I am so over this puzzle.
AG: Tavros, let me let you in on a little secret a8out the lore of your land.
AG: It's 8oring!!!!!!!!
AG: The minds of your consorts are very soft and impressiona8le.
AG: As easily manipul8ed as all those imps you've 8een 8ossing around.
AG: I have picked apart their tiny little lizard 8rains and seen through all the smoke and mirrors of their riddles.
AG: I have gotten to the truth they are guarding. The great 8ig mystery 8ehind this planet. And you know what it is, Tavros?
AG: It's 8ullshit!
AG: Meaningless, 8oring, fanciful 8ullshit wrapped in flowery poems to keep you guessing.
AG: It all leads to one thing anyway, and that's what we should put our attention on.
AG: Real gamers cut to the chase. They power through all the nonsense and go for the gold.
AG: They cheat, Tavros.
AG: It is time you learned to start cheating.
AG: Well, it's a good start. You are 8ending the rules and getting stuff done.
AG: Ok I will admit, I am fairly impressed with your progress so far. Even though you still pro8a8ly haven't even killed a single enemy!!!!!!!
AG: No, don't 8other. I know you haven't.
AG: 8ut may8e that's ok. May8e it's just your style, and your real strength is surrounding yourself with allies who are much stronger than you.
AG: Like me!
AG: I'm sure there is more than one way up the echeladder. In your case pro8a8ly the only way is to roll gently up the echeramp.
AG: The path of the invalid.
AG: 8ut I think it's time to stop fucking around! You need to 8e challenged more.
AG: I have 8een designing a quest for you that should test your true limits.
AG: Yes.
AG: Yeah, well, after she got me in the game, Kanaya just left me in the lurch, pro8a8ly 8ecause she's dealing with her own crisis now.
AG: Which is just as well 8ecause I was starting to get nannied HARD. You wouldn't even 8elieve it.
AG: So I had some time to kill.
AG: I drew you a map!
AG: Here, take a look.
AG: It marks what will 8e your new destination. Where you will find the ultim8 challenge.
AG: I have determined from your consorts that there is a terri8le monster deep underground.
AG: It guards a hoard of treasure 8igger than either of us can imagine!
AG: It is called a denizen, and it is the 8oss of your whole planet.
AG: Tavros, you will go and face your denizen.
AG: It will 8e the most powerful adversary you have ever met.
AG: 8ut you can handle it. I 8elieve in you!
AG: May8e! That is the risk you take 8y 8eing a 8rave adventurer.
AG: 8ut it is a good opportunity to apply your cunning.
AG: May8e you can rally a huge army to 8end to your will and overwhelm the monster???????? Who knows! It is up to you.
AG: This is it, Tavros. It is time to sink or swim.
AG: No!!!!!!!!
AG: Oh god, every time. Always going and getting to others to 8ail you out.
AG: Anyway, Kanaya is missing in action, and Karkat has his head up his nook with his new sta88y h8friend.
AG: Neither can help you.
AG: Tavros, I know no8ody 8elieves me a8out this, pro8a8ly not even a gulli8le dope like you.
AG: 8ut I actually care a8out your advancement as a player.
AG: Everything I have done has 8een to make you stronger!
AG: Ugh, you are useless!
AG: I'm done talking a8out this. Now shut up and point that cherry vehicle of yours toward the X on that map.
AG: Next stop, g8 seven. Let's go.
AG: This isn't optional. You know very well that I can make you go to that g8 whether you want to or not!
AG: 8ut I would rather it not have to come to that.
AG: What will it 8e?
AG: Advance or advance?
AG: Oh one last thing.
AG: Equip your 8oy-Skylark outfit.
AG: This will 8e Pupa's last stand!
AG: I mean sit.
AG: Hahahahahahahaha.
AG: Joooooooo
AG: oooooooo
AG: oooooooo
AG: oooooooo
AG: oooooooo
AG: oooooooo
AG: oooooooo
AG: oooooooohn!
AG: W8ke up!!!!!!!!
AG: It is 8ight groups of 8ight. I specifically counted them.
AG: It's sort of a thing I do.
AG: Wow. What a nerd!
AG: Um, possi8ly? This is the first time I have contacted you that I am aware of.
AG: John, give me a 8r8k! That was o8viously just my way of getting to know you.
AG: Or it will 8e, whenever I get around to it.
AG: Man.
AG: That was pro8a8ly Terezi! I should have known she would pull something like that. What a meddler.
AG: Yes. The pesky 8lind troll who licks her monitor and smells words and stuff. The one who got you killed. I'm sure of it!
AG: Marquise Spinneret Mindfang. ::::)
AG: Spinneret! Marquise is a title, stupid.
AG: And you don't have to worry a8out me manipul8ting you to your death!
AG: It is completely 8eneath me. Unlike her, I plan on taking the high road.
AG: You see John, you and I actually have some things in common, 8ut you couldn't possi8ly understand why yet.
AG: So I'm planning on helping you!
AG: Hahahahahahahaha.
AG: You can't sleep now, John!
AG: What a8out J8de????????
AG: She's fine. I can see her right now!
AG: 8ut she will not 8e for long if you don't get her into your session.
AG: Wait!!!!!!!!
AG: Where the hell do you think you're going to go? You don't even have your copy of the game yet!
AG: Easy! Just w8 around for a few minutes.
AG: See, John? You need me to advance.
AG: Even though you were going to do this stuff anyway, it turns out I am the reason you were going to do it anyway in the first place!
AG: Your timeline is my we8, and suddenly you are all tangled up in it, wriggling and helpless.
AG: Isn't that cooooooool????????
AG: Yeah!
AG: Fuck you!!!!!!!!
AG: She's asleep!
AG: She sure seems to sleep a lot. She sort of reminds me of my goo8er teamm8.
AG: He napped through most of the adventure, and was practically useless.
AG: Hahahaha, no way! Karkat is so up tight, he hardly slept a wink over the whole 600 hour span of our quest.
AG: He didn't even wake up on the moon until AFTER we won the game, hahahahahahahaha.
AG: What a loser.
AG: John, you are pretty weird! I can see why you would piss him off so much.
AG: Tell me a8out it!
AG: Speaking of telling me a8out things...
AG: Why don't you tell me what you were just dreaming a8out that was so important, fellow Prospit dreamer????????
AG: Prospit is the 8est. Derse is where all the rejects hang out. Am I right?
AG: Yes, I know all that! That place is the 8attlefield, which is where your dream self lives now. You will appear there any time you go to sleep.
AG: Prospit dreamers are supposed to end up there eventually. If they're any good, that is. ::::)
AG: 8ut you got there so much sooner. Normally a dreamer's journey to the 8attlefield will not 8e so spectacularly sudden and violent. Meteoric, if you will!
AG: 8ut you didn't answer my question! What was so important that you wanted to go 8ack to sleep again for?
AG: What's that?
AG: Oh, you mean the adult male human who lived in your hive?
AG: Haha, I was wondering a8out that. I was like, what the hell is this guy doing in this kid's hive? Where is his lusus? Is he an orphan contending with some sort of meddlesome grownup squatter????????
AG: Yes, I just chalked it up as generic alien weirdness and didn't think too much a8out it. Just another series of strange exhi8its from an inferior civiliz8tion.
AG: ::::\
AG: W8! 8efore you wander too far off course like a doofus, you need to know how to get to a return node!
AG: So you can get 8ack to your computer. Here, hang on, I am making you a map.
AG: What!!!!!!!!
AG: Ugh. She is still trying to one up me I see. Even preempting my awesome helpfulness!
AG: When did she do that? I mean from my perspective? Do you think she already did it, or hasn't done it yet?
AG: I don't know. Forget it.
AG: I will show her though. I will show her the meaning of helpfulness.
AG: I will help this little human nerd under the ta8le. The very same ta8le you dined at, while I w8ted on you prong and fucking nu8.
AG: God, no!!!!!!!! With a human? Gross.
AG: You won't win? Says who?????????
AG: Well, ok yes, you are screwed. And so are we.
AG: 8ut so what!
AG: Just 8ecause you are going to fail doesn't mean it won't 8e any fun along the way!
AG: 8y the looks of things, you have a very exciting 24 hours ahead of you.
AG: It'll 8e one hell of a reckoning!
AG: Yes, and 8esides. Continuing on this path and 8ringing Jade into the game I think you will agree is very important!
AG: And not just 8ecause she is your friend and you would 8e kind of upset if she died.
AG: Again.
AG: 8ecause you need to complete your prototyping chain!
AG: Only when all players have entered with a prototyped kernel does the 8attlefield assume its final form.
AG: That form prepares Skaia to grow the new universe you will cre8te.
AG: Or in this case, fail to cre8te. 8ut whatever!
AG: That is no reason to deter you from completing worthwhile game o8jectives.
AG: Yeah! You didn't realize that yet?
AG: 8oy. How clueless can you get.
AG: What a stupid question! It is the point of the game. It's what happens when you win, and winning is the only point of anything.
AG: Anyway, you should 8e glad it's the point. And you should 8e glad your predecessors were not such a sad sack group of players like you guys.
AG: Otherwise your universe would not exist, seeing as we cre8ted it 8y 8eing incredi8le in every way.
AG: Yep. You're welcome. ::::D
AG: Not knowing what to think a8out things appears to 8e your specialty!
AG: ::::P
AG: That's the spirit, John!
AG: That is a winner's attitude, and there is always hope for someone who has that.
AG: Pff.
AG: Laaaaaaaame.
AG: John, why are you standing around wasting time????????
AG: Enough to make me wonder what the hell your deal is!
AG: Dammit, John.
AG: Stop sounding smarter than me. It is un8ecoming of someone so inferior.
AG: Yeah, I know.
AG: It seems a little too sunny for my liking.
AG: The life I left 8ehind wasn't so hot, to 8e honest.
AG: Why don't we not talk a8out that!
AG: What are these movies, anyway? They look just awful.
AG: Are they a8out clowns?
AG: ::::|
AG: John, even though your title is quite amusing and pro8a8ly kind of cute, that movie sounds hilariously 8ad!
AG: Is this like the Earth equivalent of Gru8tu8e or something?
AG: Man. I am not watching this shitty video. It looks so 8ad!
AG: Ok, I will 8e sure 8ookmark it and la8el it "dum8 kid's retarded nonsense."
AG: 8y the way! Why aren't you using your computer glasses to talk suddenly????????
AG: This device seems less efficient, and doesn't look as cool!
AG: How will you duplic8 it? Isn't it smashed out there on your lawnring?
AG: Oh, gr8.
AG: Uh........
AG: John?
AG: Ok, I will slide you a 8r8k 8ecause clearly your 8lock was just ransacked.
AG: 8ut may8e you want to put that away? Somewhere discreet, where you usually keep it?
AG: There is at least one girl spying on you right now, you know.
AG: Your pail is showing, stupid!!!!!!!!
AG: Yes! Come on, will you take a hint and show some decorum????????
AG: Man! Nothing, really. It's just........
AG: Ok, may8e humans don't really have any sense of shame over this sort of thing?
AG: Oh.
AG: Haha, yeah, of course!
AG: That's what I was talking a8out. Your cleaning 8ucket.
AG: In troll culture we consider cleaning products to 8e really indecent or something!
AG: I am 8lushing furiously a8out it right now. Please try to 8e sensitive to my cultural ways and understandings.
AG: Thank you, John. That is very gentlemanly of you.
AG: Now will you quit shitting around and get on with it!!!!!!!! God.
AG: That isn't my real name, you dope!
AG: I ain't telling you that!
AG: It's a sekret. :::;)
AG: You don't even need to say that. I can see you rolling your eyes, remem8er?
AG: What.
AG: The hell........
AG: Are you doing!!!!!!!!
AG: John, stop kissing that adult 8rown male human computer at once.
AG: Man. It is just another waste of time.
AG: Everything you do is a huge waste.
AG: A stupid pointless 8unch of w8stey w8stey w8stes.
AG: You have important things to do!
AG: Remem8er Jade????????
AG: Noooooooo!!!!!!!!
AG: XXXXO
AG: What the fuck are you doing now!
AG: No, that's not what I mean!
AG: I know that's what you're going to do.
AG: You're just not supposed to do it now!
AG: You are supposed to do something else first. And then fly up. It's right here on your timeline. 8y attempting to do the thing you're not supposed to do yet, you are just wasting more of our time!!!!!!!!
AG: I told you, that's my role playing name, not my real one! So your weak 8urn means nothing.
AG: Oh, yes John. I am really going to know what that stupid Earth game is, just 8ecause you put troll in front of it. Stupid.
AG: Pffffffff, dou8t it.
AG: Now shut up and do what you are going to do next!
AG: 8ecause.
AG: That's ridiculous!
AG: That would 8e a ridiculous way for us to do things.
AG: Okaaaaaaaay, shut up!
AG: Fine. I will hold your hand every step of the way, since that's apparently how you want to do this.
AG: I said shut up!
AG: Look, you are a8out to make yourself a new outfit, and THEN you will fly up and install the game.
AG: 8ecause you look like an idiot!
AG: Seriously, it's a good thing I did decide to 8other you now. Otherwise you would go through the game looking like a little weenie 8oy-Skylark.
AG: It is the most terri8le, gutless class for wimpy losers, ones who have no idea how to handle themselves when a girl talks to them and stuff.
AG: Yes, exactly! It is 8eneath you, John.
AG: You are clearly much 8etter than that. You should dress like it.
AG: Hahahahahahahaha!
AG: I watched you actually say that with a str8 f8ce. Oh my god.
AG: Trolls are an extremely fashion-minded race, John. You should make a note of this, since you pretend to 8e a scientist or something.
AG: John, that is an outr8geous thing to say. You don't even know how important the fashions are, so 8e quiet.
AG: Look at that! You counted out 8 a's for me, John! That is so thoughtful of you.
AG: Really????????
AG: <33333333
AG: I know you are, John.
AG: Now empty out your sylladex and let's see what sort of killer gear we can make for you. 8ut do it fast!
AG: This is the most ridiculous pile of useless crap I have ever seen.
AG: Why did you pick up all this junk???????? Rocks, mushrooms, shoes........
AG: Jegus, John.
AG: Yes. Jegus!
AG: I have no idea! It's something Terezi has 8een saying non stop for some reason.
AG: It is weirdly infectious.
AG: What is it, some sort of human profanity?
AG: 8ooooooooring.
AG: John! Is that a frog I see there?
AG: How do you have a frog already????????
AG: It seems awfully early in your game for you to 8e finding frogs. Your session sure is weird!
AG: John, shut your trap! We are in a hurry here.
AG: Ok, I think I can make you a completely faaaaaaaa8ulous outfit using this trash, and may8e some other stuff around your hive.
AG: 8ut you have to do exactly what I say!
AG: H8RRY 8P!!!!!!!!!
AG: Oops.
AG: Yes! Isn't it awesome?
AG: Fuck that.
AG: This is a really hot look for you, John. It makes you look a million times more cool, instead of some kind of overa8sconding daggerlance fl8ling pansy.
AG: Now move your ass!
AG: Go go go go go go go go!!!!!!!!
AG: D::::
AG: Yessssssss.
AG: Yes, I know that, dummy! I am in complete command of your timeline, remem8er?
AG: We will not speak again for a while. 8ut for me it will only 8e a moment.
AG: I do not envy the Serketless coldspell you are a8out to endure, John.
AG: Man, calm down! It will only 8e a couple of hours or so.
AG: Sweet Jegus, I have clearly done a num8er on you to engender such a frothing o8session so quickly.
AG: Not surprising. It's just the 8urden that comes with 8eing so damned awesome. 8ut you will figure that out soon enough John, 8ecause I have you well on your way.
AG: Phase two of my program for you 8egins in a little while.
AG: In the meantime, try not to get corrupted 8y anyone too lame. Especially no8ody with 8rown text or gray text, or any shit ugly color at all for that matter.
AG: 8ye, John........
AG: W8.
AG: John what?
AG: Ok. Til next time, Mr. Anderson.
AG: John! What the hell. There are so many things wrong with what you just said.
AG: First of all, who told you you could just hassle me without warning like this? That's not how this works!
AG: Yes, 8ecause we are trolling you! Those are the rules. We get to 8ug you any time we feel like, and you have to sit there and t8ke it like a chump.
AG: I am too 8usy to 8e fielding your nonsense at the drop of one of your a8surd human hats. I have a ridiculous num8er of irons in the fire. You will speak to me only when I am ready to contact you, is that clear????????
AG: Secondly, I am very pissed off that you figured out my name.
AG: Dammit!
AG: Who told you?
AG: I will find out who told you. And then I will m8ke them p8y.
AG: What video?
AG: John, the way you descri8e movies makes them sound extremely stupid. Why would I want to watch this crap????????
AG: XXXX|
AG: ::::?
AG: What is it now!
Vriska:♥  ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ 
VRISKA: Karkat! Man, you were out for a long time. I have made so many plans for these humans while you were asleep. Do you know how many plans have 8een made?
VRISKA: Yes! Aaaaaaaall of them. So many irons too. Guess where the irons are!
VRISKA: They are........
VRISKA: IN
VRISKA: THE
VRISKA: FIIIIIIIIRE!!!!!!!! ::::)
VRISKA: Fine, I will take a 8r8k, Karkat. 8ut only 8ecause you were so polite a8out it.
VRISKA: It will give me a chance to go get some stuff done!
VRISKA: Die? Lame.
VRISKA: Karkat, there is a8solutely no chance we are going to die.
VRISKA: Not with my luck! I got all of it, remem8er?
VRISKA: Pst!
VRISKA: Hey, what's your deal?
VRISKA: I'm talking to you!
VRISKA: Nothing really! It's just you haven't said one word to me since we got here.
VRISKA: In fact, we've hardly spoken in weeks! Not since you gave me that nice dress.
VRISKA: That was gr8, remem8er that? What happened to all that? You used to meddle and 8ug and fuss over me all the time. It was annoying, 8ut kinda fun!
VRISKA: I don't know. It would 8e cool if we could catch up some time though.
VRISKA: Whatever! Stuff. Anything!
VRISKA: You are really strange, fussyfangs. I don't get you anymore.
VRISKA: That was some pretty sweet chainsaw work earlier. Pretty 8rutal, really! Didn't think you had it in you.
VRISKA: Hey, you weren't settling a score with him there 8y any chance?
VRISKA: I've got a pretty keen nose for revenge. Could it 8e that you had a thing for him and were upset when he went for me instead? Hmmmmmmmm?
VRISKA: Yes, I think I must 8e on to something here! Anyway if that's the case, sorry a8out the 8ad 8r8k!
VRISKA: Hey, which one are you spying on there? Someone new to meddle with?
VRISKA: Fiiiiiiiine, god.
VRISKA: Hey.
VRISKA: So........
VRISKA: Nothing.
VRISKA: Standing by the old horn pile I see.
VRISKA: Yeah........
VRISKA: Ok then. Carry on I guess.
VRISKA: It was fun, Eridan. While it lasted.
VRISKA: 8ut it ran its course! I don't know what else to tell you.
VRISKA: If you say so, Dualscar! 8est of luck with that.
VRISKA: Too 8ad the luck's all mine now! Hahahaha.
VRISKA: Eridan! Do I detect Black Romance in the air????????
VRISKA: <3< <3< <3< <3< <3< <3< <3< <3<
VRISKA: What?
VRISKA: Aww. ::::)
VRISKA: I must say, I am really disgusted 8y how you've resorted to following orders from that low class slo8 with the hideous mutant 8lood.
VRISKA: I thought you were 8etter than that! I thought WE were 8etter than that.
VRISKA: Whoa, alright! I was just messing with you, dude. As if I really give a shit a8out any of that!
VRISKA: Hahahahahahahaha.
VRISKA: Tavros, they look amazing. YOU look amazing.
VRISKA: 8eing a8le to walk suits you so much 8etter. Have I ever told you how much of a loser you were when you were a cripple? It's a real shame a8out how that had to happen to you.
VRISKA: You're welcome! Now, how do those 8ad 8oys handle on stairs?
VRISKA: Worst advice you could ever receive. I demand that you spend the next several hours mastering stairs.
VRISKA: Come on, what would that fakey 8ullshit fantasy asshole Rufio say a8out this?
VRISKA: Exactly! Now hop to it, and don't think twice a8out it, or I'll know. We don't want to have to do it the hard way now, do we?
Vriska: +ALL THE LUCK
VRISKA: *Marquise Mindfang shares the innocent young catgirl's giggle, as she surreptitiously reaches for an orn8 dagger concealed in her 8oot!*
VRISKA: How a8out my spidersona? It's adora8le!
VRISKA: ::::(
VRISKA: So! You sure seem excited a8out the alien kids. What gives????????
VRISKA: Oh?
VRISKA: ::::|
VRISKA: Sure I would! We all have our off days. Hey, if you need someone to talk to, I'm...
VRISKA: That was...
VRISKA: Surprisingly nasty of you.
VRISKA: I'm impressed!
VRISKA: Friendship? I don't know if...
VRISKA: W8 a minute. Why you!!!!!!!! You almost got me AGAIN!
VRISKA: Have I ever told you how awesome you are, Peixes?
VRISKA: Hey dead girl! How's 8eing dead treating you?
VRISKA: Yeah, sure! If you wanted to 8e technically inaccur8. It would still 8urn though, so touche!
VRISKA: Yeah 8ut you won't!
VRISKA: You saw the demon up close, right? You fought him! Or at least your doppelgangers did.
VRISKA: What was he like!
VRISKA: Primarily I'm interested in your take on his weaknesses, tactical disadvantages, stuff like that.
VRISKA: Wouldn't you like to know!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Sollux, I never got to simultaneously thank you and reprimand you for tracing that money transfer.
VRISKA: On the one hand, it made Terezi rich, and now she won't stop lording it over me!
VRISKA: Shh! 8ut on the other hand, you've opened up a whole world to me with this discovery. So many people to meddle with, so many plans to hatch.
VRISKA: So really, my reaction to it is twofold. Somewhat 8ipolar if you will. Don't you think that's appropri8?
VRISKA: Stop saying fish things, everyone thinks it's annoying!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: The Scourge Sisters are 8ack in action! Yeah!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Sure we are! You'll find out. Just give it a few hours.
VRISKA: Yes!!!!!!!! That's the spirit, Redglare.
VRISKA: Hey, if it isn't miss money8ags! How are you enjoying your fa8ulous wealth!
VRISKA: If it was me, I would feel ashamed to get rich that way. 8y having a secret admirer just hand it to me like that, rather than earning it. That's just me though!
VRISKA: I guess you're right. I'm just giving you a hard time!
VRISKA: You know, like the good old days. Don't you miss our friendly rivalry sometimes?
VRISKA: Sure! So to speak.
VRISKA: Anyway, just so you know, you're not the only one who can play a chumpy 8oy, and manipul8 him into doing what you want.
VRISKA: In fact, I'm not even going to use any powers! Just to prove it's no 8ig deal.
VRISKA: You'll see!!!!!!!! Oops, smell. Haha, 8n't it a 8ummer you never died????????
VRISKA: Oh well. Anyway, let's get this party started. I declare the chumpy impressiona8le human 8oy-off to 8e........
VRISKA: OOOOOOOON! :::;)
AG: Psssssssst.
AG: Hey 8rave leader.
AG: John!
AG: Stop ignoring me. My messages should receive top priority.
AG: Who are you talking to? I don't appreciate 8eing snu88ed like this. How ungr8ful can you get!
AG: Maaaaaaaan.
AG: Come oooooooon........
AG: W8ting?
AG: Oh! I guess so. I hardly even noticed! I am like this really huge deal, and have a lot of stuff to keep me 8usy, remem8er?
AG: Don't 8eat yourself up a8out it!
AG: I was the one who put you to sleep.
AG: Yeah!
AG: Yes, that seems to 8e the limit to what I can do to your primitive species.
AG: I guess our 8rains don't really work the same way? Who knows!
AG: Duh! So much more, John. I have a lot of gr8 powers.
AG: When we have more time, I will tell you all a8out them.
AG: John, soon you will understand that you are meant to rise to gr8tness.
AG: This can't possi8ly happen unless you are challenged.
AG: There will 8e times when your limits are tested. This is one of those times!
AG: I know this 8ecause I can see your future right here in front of me. You should trust me!
AG: Oh John, this should 8e so o8vious to you 8y now.
AG: You are going to 8ecome a gr8 hero, that much is sure.
AG: 8ut I want to 8e the one responsi8le for it! 
AG: And now I am pretty much guaranteed to 8e.
AG: ::::)
AG: You don't have to think! Just leave the thinking to me.
AG: All you have to do is dig deep down, find your hero powers, and get yourself out of this jam.
AG: You can do it, John. 8e the hero!
AG: Just like in one of your movies a8out sweaty, rugged adult human males.
AG: It was ok.
AG: I admit it was a little 8etter than I expected.
AG: 8ut who cares! Let's not get sidetracked 8y films a8out wounded, muscular renegades.
AG: 8y the way, John, have you ever considered growing your hair out?
AG: I 8et it would look fa8ulous.
AG: I don't know a8out that!
AG: I have an eye for fashion. 8 of them, in fact!
AG: Oh yeah. Whoops. ::::\
AG: Don't 8e a8surd, John.
AG: Of course I realized that would happen.
AG: It was pretty much the whole point, you goof!
AG: Jegus, calm down.
AG: Relaaaaaaaax.
AG: Listen, John.
AG: Regardless of what I did, he is already here.
AG: I know this consequence will 8e hard for you to accept, 8ut whenever you feel angry or confused a8out it, just repeat this to yourself.
AG: It should 8ecome your mantra!
AG: He is already here.
AG: Say it, John!
AG: It means what it sounds like! He's already here!!!!!!!!
AG: Here in our session, trying to hunt us down! Man, this should 8e elementary to you 8y now.
AG: No matter what you or I or any of us did, Jack's here now. That's the reality!
AG: And if I didn't stop you, it wouldn't have changed the reality for us here. We'd still 8e hiding on this rock, and he'd still 8e out there, sniffing around for us.
AG: He wouldn't just disappear! That's not how this time stuff works.
AG: All that REALLY would have happened is I would have allowed you to do something you weren't supposed to do!
AG: You would have prototyped with your pretty 8lue doll, 8ecause of course deep down you know you are o8sessed with me.
AG: And then you and all your friends would exist in a splintered timeline. And you wouldn't even 8e a8le to talk to me anymore! ::::(
AG: And then you'd 8e doooooooomed.
AG: I mean, more doomed than you are already. :::;)
AG: Trust me, I am really smart. I have this all figured out.
AG: You just answered your own question!
AG: I did it 8ecause I wanted to 8e the one responsi8le for cre8ting him.
AG: 8ecause, John.
AG: It only makes sense that I would be the one to cre8te him.
AG: Since I am also going to 8e the one to kill him.
AG: Don't 8e that way.
AG: Just 8ecause you have your whole reckoning ahead of you to kill Jack, and somehow fail, doesn't mean you have to 8e 8itter a8out it.
AG: Karkat doesn't know nothing a8out anything.
AG: He never really appreci8ted how powerful I 8ecame. No8ody did! I am easily the strongest troll 8y far.
AG: I am also extremely lucky! That is one of my powers, John. 8eing super lucky, and making my foes super UNlucky. ::::)
AG: Yes, and I've got all of it. I am completely untoucha8le.
AG: Nope, I don't have to 8e careful! Too lucky for caution to matter anymore. Them's the 8r8ks!
AG: 8ut don't worry, once all is said and done in your session, and 8y some incredi8ly lucky 8r8k of your own you manage to survive the scratch, we might actually get the chance to meet.
AG: And if so, assuming I haven't gotten too 8ored w8ting around and mopped the floor with Jack already, may8e we can take him down together!
AG: John, that's something a loser would say, come on.
AG: You should have no reason to 8e scared of me.
AG: 8y the time I am through with you, you should 8e even stronger than me.
AG: This is the way it ought to 8e, I think. ::::D
AG: It is a distinct possi8ility.
AG: What?
AG: John, what the hell are you trying to say?
AG: Whaaaaaaaat????????
AG: You shouldn't listen to anything that loudmouth says.
AG: He had his shot 8eing in charge, and failed misera8ly.
AG: It's my turn now. Scratch that.
AG: OUR turn.
AG: Now quit whining and get yourself out of this mess.
AG: Dig deep down inside that pink, nerdy little torso of yours, find your awesome hero mojo, and do what you're a8out to do.
AG: I will talk to you again after you figure it out.
AG: 8yyyyyyyye! <3
AG: Fly, Pupa!!!!!!!!
AG: Flyyyyyyyy!
AG: Hahahahahahahaha!
AG: No8ody, just some loser.
AG: Look at that, you did it!
AG: Aaaaaaaahahahahahahahaha!
AG: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!
AG: Oh my god, I cannot 8elieve how hilariously pathetic that whole exchange was.
AG: Even 8y your wretched standards, Toreadork!
AG: Hahahahahahahaha, oh god I can't 8reathe!!!!!!!!
AG: A8solutely priceless. XXXXD
AG: Pff. Tavros, sometimes your stupidity surprises even me.
AG: Next time you decide to open your heart to an alien girl........
AG: Make sure her chat client isn't 8eing holographically projected for all to see, ok?
AG: It was so em8arrassing just reading that Tavros. I'm em8arrassed!
AG: I am actually feeling genuine em8arrassment. Your o8scene incompetence is actually polluting my otherwise pristine composure. Nice going!
AG: Jade let you down too easy. She's too nice! Someone's got to tear into you for that appalling display, and once again, guess who's shoulders that falls on?
AG: That's right. Vriska's, as usual.
AG: Hey, I'm nice when it matters, and where it doesn't strangul8te the critical development of people I give a shit a8out, ok?
AG: Really I don't know what you see in her. She is completely useless, like you.
AG: W8, of course!!!!!!!! It makes perfect sense. You and she represent the ideal matespritship, how could I have 8een so 8lind!
AG: Two perfectly pointless gru8s in a bucket.
AG: Oh will you please stop going on a8out your fucking self esteem.
AG: I will say this much a8out her, she was right a8out that. How insuffera8le can you get, prattling on and on a8out how confident you are.
AG: Tavros, you give confidence a 8ad name. I gave you all the chances in the world to earn it, to earn REAL confidence, and you failed.
AG: You couldn't even do the one little thing I asked you to! The one thing that would have made you man up once and for all.
AG: So instead you flew away and cried, and decided to sleep away your sorrow for the rest of the adventure.
AG: Do you have any idea how sick that made me? Everything a8out you makes me sick.
AG: When you talk a8out your self confidence, I throw up a little. You don't know what confidence is. Ro8o-legs don't give you confidence, that 8n't no more true than saying my ro8o-arm gave me mine. See what I mean?
AG: Your confidence is faker than even the great Rufio himself, Lord of the Unreal. It's pure fiction, a false fakey fraudy con jo8 from a wimpy loser charlatan 8ullshit artist.
AG: It's shallow and nause8ting, just like you. Do us all a favor and SHUT UP a8out it.
AG: Yeah right!!!!!!!!
AG: I'll 8elieve that when I see it, chump.
AG: Jade is an idiot.
AG: A useless, 8oring no8ody. What has she done for her party other than fuck up every step of the way? What does she ever do 8ut take naps and get in trou8le?
AG: She's awful, and you deserve each other. Oh w8, except she h8tes you!!!!!!!! Ahahahahahahahaha. Even the 8oring pointless girl h8s you, talk a8out a guy who can't get a 8r8k.
AG: Though I guess she's not compleeeeeeeetely useless. ::::)
AG: Ok, Tavros, I gave her credit for something, so I'll give you credit for something too.
AG: Your plan to control her lusus really wasn't a 8ad idea!
AG: And using your a8ility to "save her life" (lol) was a pretty good way to test how effective your powers are across sessions.
AG: Pretty good way to practice, to know where you stand!
AG: Practicing your a8ilities is important, so when it comes down to using them for something that really matters, you know you're ready for prime time.
AG: I know this first hand.
AG: I got lots and lots and LOTS of practice with your little guinea pig friend. ::::D
AG: So really, turns out she wasn't so useless at all! Far from it.
AG: Not really the point!
AG: The point is I'm trying to pay you a compliment.
AG: At this point, you are so sad and disgusting, you should treat anything nice anyone has to say a8out you like a chest full of shimmering 8oon8ucks.
AG: Like I said! Your plan was solid.
AG: Controlling the guardian to go after Jack was a fine idea. Sure would stir some shit up! 8etter than 8eing an insignificant stuttering piece of trash all the time, I say.
AG: And you were definitely on to something a8out doing it "irregardless" (lol) of her wishes.
AG: 8ecause it's for her own good! That's what winners do. They do what is right for someone they care a8out even if the other person does nothing 8ut 8itch and moan and act ungr8ful a8out it. 8etter you learned l8 than never.
AG: In fact, I would go as far as saying that if you went ahead with her plan against her wishes, it MIGHT just earn you a smidgen of respect from me.
AG: We'll see.
AG: There's really just one catch.
AG: The catch is it's not going to work!
AG: Are you even listening to me? Man, clear the Rufio wax out of your ears.
AG: You couldn't sic the guardian on Noir even if you were inclined. Not even if I were to MAKE you inclined! :::;)
AG: 8ecause you are dealing with a pro here. I already thought of that.
AG: I thought of everything!
AG: The guardian is not going to attack the agents who engineered him in the first place.
AG: Or who I should say were "encouraged" (lol) to engineer him.
AG: I was striking a mutually 8eneficial arrangement! This is often the most effective way to manipul8 others.
AG: I just sort of gave them an idea. Nudged them along in the direction of seizing more power, which they wanted to do anyway.
AG: Remem8er, I already have a lot of experience getting these simple minded agents to march to my drum 8eat.
AG: I was exiling them left and right in our session! I'm an expert at this 8y now.
AG: Tavros, at this point it should 8e o8vious.
AG: I am the unseen hand 8ehind every major event in their session, and to some extent, their whole lives.
AG: At least those events not happening 8y the volition of their own natural incompetence!
AG: Don't you think this is how it should 8e? Shouldn't the greatest player leave her fingerprints on every step of the rise to power of her ultim8 nemesis?
AG: 8ut you must agree, 8ecause you were copycatting my idea.
AG: You were 8razenly inserting yourself into Jade's history. The self-insertion plan was my idea, and it's revolting and cowardly for you to deny it.
AG: Hahahaha, sure. Whatever you say.
AG: It's incredi8ly sad how outclassed you are. It's actually depressing that you thought you could 8eat me at my own game. And then most sickeningly of all, you don't own up it!
AG: I have every angle covered already. The human session is on full Serket lockdown. Any effort you make to disrupt my plans will 8e laugha8le, just like everything you have ever done in your life.
AG: The only thing left to do now is prepare to kill Jack myself, and save everyone's ungrateful asses.
AG: It's a shame you're not strong enough to take him on with me. Too 8ad you spent so long sleeping instead of tur8o-leveling like me.
AG: We might have made a pretty awesome team.
AG: Oh well.
AG: Nice deduction!
AG: Wrong, excruci8tingly linear, and laced with the sort of a8solutes morons like to throw around........
AG: 8ut nice!
AG: Yeeeeeeees?
AG: Go on.
AG: Yeah! That's the spirit.
AG: Pretty weakslime threat there, 8ut it's a start.
AG: Tell you what.
AG: If you can find me in this la8, you can have at me.
AG: I'll even give you a free shot! No funny 8usiness or anything.
AG: I'll 8e w8ing. <3
VRISKA: John.
VRISKA: CONGRATUL8TIONS!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Well, yes, you did. And I suppose congratul8tions are in order for that too.
VRISKA: 8ut mostly, I am congratul8ting you........
VRISKA: FOR GAINING ALL THE LEVELS!!!!!!!! ::::O
VRISKA: Don't 8e ridiculous, John.
VRISKA: While you may have technically gained all the levels just now, you did not truly gain ALL of them just yet.
VRISKA: In a way, this is really just the 8eginning.
VRISKA: Yes. You are now ready to 8egin your ascent through the god tiers.
VRISKA: No8ody I know was a8le to progress this far anywhere near as fast and you, John. Not even me! I can't tell you how proud I am.
VRISKA: The thing is, from this point on, you can't make any progress while you're awake. So you've got to get to sleep!
VRISKA: 8ut not just any 8oring old nap will do. You will need to go to sleep in a special 8ed.VRISKA: You must find your Quest 8ed, John.
VRISKA: Not too far away! 8ut rather than me telling you, why don't you talk to the locals and ask around?
VRISKA: I've helped you get this far, 8ut at some point you are going to have to start taking some steps all 8y yourself. I think you're ready for that!
VRISKA: If you make the right decisions and play all your cards right, hell, you might even wind up at a higher tier than I did!
VRISKA: I hope this turns out to 8e the case. I am rooting for you all the way. Now get going and find that 8ed!!!!!!!!
AG: Yes, exactly! Pretty exciting, isn't it?
AG: What's that mean?
AG: John.
AG: Would you like me to put you to sleep?
AG: John, I am clearly involved in your rise to power now regardless. That can't 8e changed!
AG: I am giving you the option, 8ecause at some point a hero has to start making choices.
AG: Once you take a 8r8k from hunting treasure and stop getting distracted 8y side quests, you eventually realize that's what this game is all a8out.
AG: The choices you make affect the destiny of the universe you cre8te, as well as the type of hero you 8ecome.
AG: It would have 8een nice if someone was around to explain all this to me, and let me have some control over my own f8.
AG: I had to do this a much less pleasant way. I'm sparing you that indignity.
AG: 8esides, it's not like you're some loser who doesn't know how to make tough decisions.
AG: So what'll it 8e, John?
AG: Am I hearing a "yes," John?
AG: You got it. <3
AG: 8888)
Vriska: Little l8, don't you think
Vriska: I 8n't dead just yet
Vriska: Are you ready to flyyyyyyyy, Pupa?
Vriska: This is up to you.
Vriska: Here's your chance!
Vriska: Please don't make me 8leed to death slowly
Vriska: This is his decision.
Vriska: I know he can do it
Vriska: DO IT YO8 COW8RD
Vriska: K8LL M8 K8LL M8 K8LL M8 K8LL M8...
AG: Hi John.
AG: Your guardians are not here!
AG: Yes, they are in another castle. Don't worry, you'll find them later.
AG: In a while! Man, settle down.
AG: I am telling you that you will find them after a little more questing around in your awesome 8lue godhood. So why don't you relax and talk to me for a while?
AG: Why don't you have your hood up, 8y the way?
AG: You look gr8 with the hood up. And anyway, we should 8e showing a little pride as the only ones to make god tier, don't you think?
AG: John, are you mad at me?
AG: Then what's the matter?
AG: I still find it a little hard to understand the sentimentality you attach to these adult humans.
AG: It just seems so strange to me. 8ut hey, that's alien culture for you.
AG: Yeah, sort of.
AG: Except I never liked mine that much. ::::\
AG: Even after I prototyped her, things were pretty chilly 8etween us! I spent most of my adventure avoiding her. Haha.
AG: John.
AG: Are you suuuuuuuure you're not mad at me?
AG: 8ecause I tricked you into getting killed!!!!!!!!
AG: Would it help if I said I was sorry?
AG: Yes, I am here.
AG: Sorry, I wasn't sure what to say for a moment.
AG: I am just so incredi8ly relieved you are not angry with me.
AG: Yes, I did.
AG: I don't know, John. You'd 8e surprised how often people resent it when you try to help them!
AG: 8ut see, you really get it. That's why you're special.
AG: <33333333
AG: Yes.
AG: Well.
AG: Not exactly.
AG: I know how this is pro8a8ly going to sound, especially to a human.
AG: 8ut I just killed someone.
AG: Not exactly.
AG: I'm not sure what his deal is. I haven't seen him in a while.
AG: 8ut we are not under attack.
AG: Not yet, at least.
AG: He was a friend.
AG: Someone from our team.
AG: It's a little complicated.
AG: Yes.
AG: 8ut really, that's not why I killed him. He was no match for me, and I could have just incapacit8ed him or flown away or whatever.
AG: The truth is I killed him 8ecause at the time, I thought I wanted to, and sort of felt like I finally had to.
AG: 8ecause enough was enough! You don't even know how frustr8ing it was to 8e friends with him.
AG: I used to really like him and always wanted to help him get stronger, so that he might stand a fucking chance to actually make it on our world.
AG: 8ut he was just soooooooo weak and indecisive. He wouldn't change!
AG: And when he tried to change, it was too little and too l8. Always l8. L8ey L8ey L88888888.
AG: Too l8 to kiss me.
AG: Too l8 to kill me.
AG: He couldn't do it when I really needed him to. So when I saw he was actually serious a8out trying to kill me now of all times...
AG: I just got SO AAAAAAAANGRY. I am still a 8it upset thinking a8out it.
AG: So I killed him.
AG: And I'm pretty sure he's dead for good now.
AG: I know!
AG: I know our races are completely different. And I really h8 the idea of you thinking worse of me 8ecause of this.
AG: 8ut I don't have anyone else to talk to a8out it!
AG: No no no no no no no no!
AG: I mean, yeah, they're fine. 8ut I can't talk to them!
AG: For one thing, they would pro8a8ly just 8e pissed off at me for killing Tavros.
AG: And more importantly, there's no waaaaaaaay I could tell them how I really feel a8out it.
AG: Horri8le!!!!!!!!
AG: If any of my friends knew that, they would think I'm weak.
AG: Do you?
AG: We aren't savages, you dope!
AG: Uh, yeah........
AG: Let's say close enough!
AG: Yeah, see.
AG: This is where our cultures clash, I think.
AG: It would 8e difficult to explain exactly how killing is viewed on our planet with all the nuance involved.
AG: It just isn't the 8lack and white thing humans seem to think it is!
AG: On my world, I would 8e completely vindic8ed for killing him! He is far lower on the hemospectrum than me. He managed to disrespect me time and time again, 8ut I kept letting him live! In fact, the amount of slack I cut him would 8e considered scandalous 8y those in my class.
AG: I had every reason to kill him. And yet...
AG: I feel 8ad a8out it like a lame weak fudge8lood, just like he was.
AG: And the fact that I feel 8ad is why I'm sort of freaking out right now!
AG: No. That's not how it works.
AG: I'm supposed to 8e just fine with it.
AG: This was sort of like a test, and I'm afraid I might 8e failing.
AG: Well, it was the first time I killed some8ody.
AG: W8! Ok, that's not really true. What I meant was, it was the first time I killed some8ody I cared a8out.
AG: Yes. Sort of a lot, actually. 8ut there was a really good reason for that!
AG: Oh, it doesn't matter. Pro8a8ly many thousands.
AG: God, I know how this sounds! 8ut I had to feed her. My lusus I mean. I've 8asically 8een playing this role as a slave in the food chain my whole life. It is what she selected me to do.
AG: Hell yes.
AG: Yeah, 8ut I never felt anything a8out it. It was just normal life for me.
AG: Yeah. OH!
AG: Ok, that's not quite right. He's the second person I cared a8out who I killed.
AG: Man, I always forget a8out her!
AG: I guess she wound up getting me 8ack pretty good though, so we're even.
AG: Oh, also, TECHNICALLY I attempted to kill that same guy around the same time.
AG: 8ut I just wound up paralyzing him! Oops, hahahaha.
AG: 8ut man. That was sweeps ago.
AG: I think I had a really juvenile attitude a8out killing 8ack then. I think I was trying too hard?
AG: I was always really o8sessed with 8eing the 8est at stuff, and I guess I was trying to 8e precocious in that respect as well, and prove to everyone how 8rutal I could be.
AG: 8ut I was such a confused kid! I didn't know anything a8out what killing really means. I was trying to fake it, and it caused me nothing 8ut pro8lems.
AG: Yeah, I know. I wish we didn't have to 8e so different. I'm just trying to 8e honest with you, 8ecause like I said, I have nowhere else to go.
AG: I guess I have to admit I don't actually know that much a8out humans either!
AG: Other than that you are all pretty soft and mild mannered and seem to 8e friendlier, and think killing totally sucks.
AG: I really have no clue what it means to grow up as a human, though.
AG: 8ut I do know what it means grow up as a troll, and what's expected of us.
AG: When a troll comes of age, you 8etter 8elieve it means they're going to start killing.
AG: It's what we do as a race. We are very effective conquerors, and as such, we practically domin8 our galaxy. Or... used to.
AG: The ones that don't learn to 8e ruthless? They're 8etter off DEAD.
AG: And the reality is, it won't 8e long until they are. That's just life for us.
AG: Well, thanks John. That's nice of you to say. 8ut let's face it, it doesn't fucking matter anymore, since our whole race was wiped out!
AG: May8e for the 8est, when you think a8out it.
AG: 8ut at least paradox space gave us some purpose 8efore wiping us out, right?
AG: At least we got the chance to cre8te you guys, and all those twinkly stars you used to look up at.
AG: So 8ecause we got that chance, it means we'll never actually get to come of age and enter troll society, and see if we got what it takes.
AG: 8ut that doesn't mean we stop growing up!
AG: I think the game knows it's always gonna 8e played 8y kids, and it always rigs it so they enter right around the cusp of sexual maturity, whatever the race is.
AG: Which kinda makes sense, since if they succeed, they've got their whole lives ahead of them to do whatever the hell they're going to do in their universe, like start repopul8ing and whatnot.
AG: That means the game also knows it's got to deal with all these damn kids who are coming of age while playing it!
AG: I really think how successfully they mature is tied to success in the game. It challenges the players in all the ways they need to 8e challenged to grow, which is different for every individual, and veeeeeeeery different for every race.
AG: I don't think we were so hot at that aspect of the game. In fact, I'm sure we were quite awful. Hell, even I wasn't that gr8 at it! I actually just kinda fell ass 8ackwards into the god tier, to 8e honest.
AG: 8ut what really gets me is this didn't even occur to me until just now, while I was sitting around thinking a8out it.
AG: It was so o8vious!
AG: That was why the game split us up into two teams.
AG: It knew as we came of age, we'd pro8a8ly start killing each other.
AG: So it just provided the stage. Red team vs. 8lue. It was so simple! All we had to do was what we were naturally inclined to. It might have worked out 8etter for us.
AG: Yeah, you'd think that would 8e counter productive! 8ut then again, may8e not.
AG: If we really did take the team thing seriously, and started killing each other, may8e it would have meant more god tiers?
AG: May8e all of us would have made it????????
AG: Damn, can you imagine? We would have 8reezed through the game even faster, killed the king without a sweat. May8e claimed the reward 8efore Jack even showed up?
AG: Or if he did, may8e we could have 8eaten him then and there instead of scurrying off like cowards!!!!!!!!
AG: In retrospect we failed at this so spectacularly, I am amazed, and kind of ashamed.
AG: It turned out that the only one of us with the guts to kill someone was already DEAD! Hahahahahahahaha. And 8oy, did I have it coming.
AG: Yes, she was a ghost, and then 8ecame a ro8ot. Then she 8ecame a THOUSAND ro8ots. Then Jack killed them all 8ut one. Then she 8lew up.
AG: Oh, and she also had that exact 8izarre laptop you are using right now. How weird is that?
AG: Not crazy enough, apparently!
AG: Actually, this is pro8a8ly Karkat's fault.
AG: When it comes down to it, he was pro8a8ly too good a leader! He actually did manage to get the two teams to work together toward the same goal. It could have easily deterior8ed into a feud otherwise.
AG: He was just so loud and annoying and o8sessed with leadership. He wouldn't shut up! So it was just easier to go along with his plans.
AG: He sure kept us working together, 8ut in the end I think we paid for it.
AG: It wasn't natural! Pretty fitting, really, since he's kind of a freak himself. He's not even on the hemospectrum, the weirdo.
AG: I really dou8t he would have handled it as a leader if the shit ever hit the whirling device.
AG: He likes to pretend he's all vicious and 8loodthirsty, 8ut I know he 8n't got that in him. I have a sense for these things.
AG: He'd 8e so pissed if he heard me say this, 8ut I think he'd cut it 8etter as a human than as a troll.
AG: What a8out him?
AG: Hmmmmmmmm.
AG: Yeah, you're right.
AG: And to tell you the truth, part of the reason I wanted to kill him was to protect them. It's not just a8out glory you know.
AG: 8ecause if I don't do it, then who will?
AG: Yes, I know a8out your plan.
AG: I guess two plans are 8etter than one, right?
AG: Man, I don't know anymore.
AG: It's one reason I'm freaking out a8out this. A8out feeling 8ad a8out a simple, perfectly justifia8le killing.
AG: If I can't handle that, doesn't it mean I'm not as strong as I thought? What hope do I have against Jack if that's the case?
AG: Aw. ::::)
AG: I don't know. Even though I'm conflicted, it still feels like something I have to do.
AG: I admit, I'm pretty scared thinking a8out it.
AG: Not of him necessarily, 8ut of the fact that I apparently don't know myself as well as I 8elieved.
AG: What if I'm not as lucky as I thought?
AG: What if I do not in fact have ALLLLLLLL of the luck?
AG: Exactly!
AG: 8ut then, if there is no chance of catching a 8ad 8r8k, then taking a risk doesn't even qualify as 8r8very, does it?
AG: It isn't even a risk, 8y definition!!!!!!!!
AG: So if this is going to mean anything, I guess I just have to find the strength from somewhere to go through with it.
AG: More than just the fakey strength that comes from turning a 8lind eye to all your flaws. You know what I mean?
AG: Hmm........
AG: You know how I said I couldn't rel8 to the attachment you have for your guardians?
AG: Well, I guess that isn't completely true.
AG: There are adult trolls who we can rel8 to, if we choose to, and if we are lucky enough to discover who they are.
AG: 8ut it is not really in a familial sense, at least not socially speaking, the way you understand family. They are more like figures of legend, who are said to have more in common with us genetically than any other troll. 8ut we can never meet them of course. Only look up to them, and follow in their footsteps, 8ecause they died centuries ago.
AG: Yeah!
AG: We are each supposed to have one, and if you 8elieve the lore a8out it, your destiny will 8e tied to theirs. You will find clues pointing to them and who they were, 8ut you will only notice them if your eyes are open.
AG: You then can choose to take up the life they left for you. And if you do, they will always 8e looking out for you, and guide you in finishing what they started.
AG: I don't have to 8elieve.
AG: I am completely certain it is true, and I know who mine is!
AG: I have 8een doing my 8est to honor her legacy for most of my life.
AG: I even named my roleplaying character after her!
AG: She gained all the levels.
AG: AAAAAAAALL.
AG: OOOOOOOOF.
AG: THEEEEEEEEM!
AG: It was 8efore I ever started gaming, or rounding up other kids to feed my lusus.
AG: I was nearing the age where I would 8e expected to feed her.
AG: And she was starting to get so 8ig, that she would have to crawl out of the caverns soon, no longer a8le to feast on stray wigglers she caught in her we8.
AG: It was kind of an intense sym8iotic thing, a particularly demanding lusus-troll relationship, and only really strong kids are supposed to 8e a8le to handle it.
AG: So of course I was terrified of the responsi8ility looming!
AG: I really didn't think I would make it. I was sure I'd fail, and my lusus would either get angry and eat me, or she'd just die and then I'd 8e culled.
AG: 8ut then I saw a shooting star one evening.
AG: I tracked down where it landed, and found a chest with my sign on it.
AG: A sign is an insignia we must wear, specific to our class. Each class has a huge alpha8et of signs, so when someone shares yours, you know you have a lot in common. I was so excited to see it.
AG: It was her journal!
AG: She documented all of her amazing adventures as she sailed around the world, commanding a notoriously deadly fleet of Gam8lignants.
AG: It was so thrilling reading it. It really felt like she wrote it just for me, like she was talking right to me and telling me how to 8e like her. She even left notes on where she 8uried treasure and stuff, which I followed l8er when I started RPing. I found her dice that way, and so many other gr8 things.
AG: Learning a8out her gave me the strength and confidence to do what I had to do.
AG: Yeah!!!!!!!!
AG: And that's not all.
AG: Not that I really needed it proved to me that she was my ancestor, 8ut that's exactly what happened while playing this game.
AG: It turned out that in addition to cre8ting us all in the ecto8iology la8, Karkat cre8ted our ancestors too!
AG: 8ut he never 8elieved in any of that, and just thought they were random extra wigglers serving no purpose, the stu88orn jackass.
AG: The more common 8loods are less inclined to give a shit a8out that kind of stuff, legends and tradition and all that.
AG: Those in the upper classes like me put more stock in it, and rightly so.
AG: Oh yeah. Wow, I never thought a8out that.
AG: Hahahaha. That is an admira8le calling, John. Every 8it as dignified as the path of the Marquise!
AG: Yeah, that's so awesome!
AG: I agree.
AG: Haha, oh man...
AG: I was just thinking a8out your life on Earth.
AG: You had it so easy! You don't have to go hunting for clues a8out your ancestors at all.
AG: There was a picture of her hanging RIGHT THERE on the wall of your hive.
AG: Hahahahahahahaha!
AG: I don't know why, 8ut that is just so funny to me.
AG: Your lives are so simple and easy. It must 8e really nice 8eing a human, even though you're all so weak.
AG: 8ut may8e it's ok to 8e weak, if that's what's normal.
AG: Go where?
AG: Are you sure you don't have more important things to worry a8out?
AG: John, please. I thought you were done getting the future spoon fed to you like this.
AG: I have told you that you will find your dad eventually. That should 8e good enough! Don't you think it's time to start taking your responsi8ility more seriously?
AG: We just concluded that I am going to go fight Jack. And there is a possi8ility I will fail! He could kill me easily for all I know. 8ut it's something I have to try.
AG: And if I do fail, your plan will serve as 8ackup. There is a lot riding on you, John. On 8oth of us!
AG: I'm not telling you to do anything. Just reminding you of what's at st8ke.
AG: Why don't we just call it what it is.
AG: A 8ig fucking 8om8 in the core of your 8attlefield.
AG: Yes, you could pro8a8ly go looking for a sanctioned entry point.
AG: Or you could just do what winners in a hurry do.
AG: Cheat!
AG: It's practically always possi8le.
AG: I won't tell you how, 8ut I will point out you could start making 8etter use of your powers than facilit8ing noisy joyrides.
AG: Is that what Earth is like, 8y the way? A 8unch of humans flying around in little wheeled pods constantly 8eeping at each other with their chauffeur familiars????????
AG: Anyway, I'm just saying it's time to do something useful and impressive with your powers, deli8er8ly for a change. You are a god now, remem8er?
AG: Use your imagin8tion!
AG: That windy thing of yours is more vers8tile than you think.
AG: Good.
AG: I think it's time for me to get going too. I will prepare for 8attle.
AG: What?
AG: Yeah! You got it. I will message you 8efore I leave.
AG: Of course.
AG: It will 8e a certainty.
AG: That said, there is no need for any sort of farewell right now.
AG: Go do your amazing windy thing, John. 8e cre8tive! I will talk to you l8er.
AG: John!!!!!!!!
AG: You're heading into the 8lackout, so I won't 8e a8le to see you until you leave.
AG: 8ut don't worry, I can still sense you are there. 8ecause of awesome powers, remem8er?
AG: Smooth move, ditching your computer like that, 8y the way. That was some incredi8le leadership you showed!
AG: Now I have to contact you through Rose, thus exposing me to the risk of actually having to taaaaaaaalk to her........
AG: Your carelessness has put the Heroes of Light in a very awkward position, John. I hope you're satisfied.
AG: Hahahaha, just kidding. She's o8viously a little too "preoccupied" at the moment to 8e sassing me.
AG: Just 8orrow her computer and talk to me when you get the chance, ok?
AG: I will 8e w8ing. ::::)
VRISKA: Hey Redglare. Nice outfit!
VRISKA: Thanks! I see you finally wised up and started taking this rivalry seriously.
VRISKA: It was hard to antagonize you properly while you refused to get in character! :::;)
VRISKA: Yes, I can see that. So you've come for revenge, then.
VRISKA: I thought we settled all this a long time ago?
VRISKA: Murders? Like, plural?
VRISKA: Gamzee isn't dead, you dope!
VRISKA: He flipped out or something and now...
VRISKA: Well, yeah ok. There was like........
VRISKA: ONE murder I was responsi8le for.
VRISKA: You know Tavros? That was me.
VRISKA: I guess.
VRISKA: 8ut that's it! He's the only one I killed, just that one guy!
VRISKA: Fascin8ting! Why don't you tell me your terms already??
VRISKA: Forget my pixie trail. At this r8, my snoring will lead him to us!
VRISKA: Lol.
VRISKA: You're kidding, right? You want LUCK to decide this?
VRISKA: May8e you forgot who you're dealing with. I am the Thief of Light.
VRISKA: You really expect me to lose a simple COIN FLIP?
VRISKA: I've got AAAAAAAALLLLLLLL THE LUCK, remem8er? >:::)
VRISKA: ........
VRISKA: Just flip the fucking coin, Neophyte.
AG: John!!!!!!!!
AG: You're heading into the 8lackout, so I won't 8e a8le to see you until you leave.
AG: 8ut don't worry, I can still sense you are there. 8ecause of awesome powers, remem8er?
AG: Smooth move, ditching your computer like that, 8y the way. That was some incredi8le leadership you showed!
AG: Now I have to contact you through Rose, thus exposing me to the risk of actually having to taaaaaaaalk to her........
AG: Your carelessness has put the Heroes of Light in a very awkward position, John. I hope you're satisfied.
AG: Hahahaha, just kidding. She's o8viously a little too "preoccupied" at the moment to 8e sassing me.
AG: Just 8orrow her computer and talk to me when you get the chance, ok?
AG: I will 8e waiting. ::::)
AG: ........
AG: ........x8
AG: ........x8x8x8x8x8x8x8!!!!!!!!
AG: All of the dots, John. All 16.777216 million of them.
AG: Still dead, huh?
AG: Or are you too 8usy weeping over her corpse to pick up that headset and answer me????????
AG: You can't fool me, John. I know you are not staying dead for long.
AG: And it is not just 8ecause I can clearly see you're alive in the future! ::::P
AG: You see, we are 8oth the 8est there is, and therefore we have special privileges when it comes to mortality.
AG: It's hard to keep a god dead for good. We can only die under very specific circumstances. Didn't I mention?
AG: Nothing too glorious a8out the way you just died, I 8et.
AG: Let me guess, even after all my lessons, you allowed yourself to get sucker sta88ed, right? Pretty lame!
AG: I mean, lucky for you it was lame. I guess 8eing lame pays off when dying a hero's what gets you killed.
AG: If our Hero of 8reath reached god tier, he would have 8een completely indestructi8le! Lol.
AG: Damn, I forgot, I was going to stop ripping on that guy, since he got sta88ed through the chest and died. Haha, whoops.
AG: Anyway, I figure you're pro8a8ly safe from a just death too, since I'm pretty sure you haven't done anything all that despica8le.
AG: Yet. ::::)
AG: I don't know for sure, 8ut I'm 8etting that if I go to fight Jack, it will wipe out all the 8ad things I've done.
AG: I think if I die it'll 8e a hero's death, so it ought to stick.
AG: Pretty good motiv8tion to win the fight though, don't you think?
AG: One way or another, I think this will 8e my last 8ig challenge as a gamer.
AG: As such, I would like to pass my dice on to you.
AG: It is very important to me that they stay in good hands, John. That you continue their legacy, and that of my ancestor.
AG: 82THE8TH
AG: Use the code! I'm sure I can count on you to make something awesome with it.
AG: Still not alive yet? Man.
AG: You 8etter hurry up! She pro8a8ly doesn't have much time left.
AG: Trust me, what she's going through on Derse right now isn't much fun.
AG: Ok, I guess I should mention why I'm trying to contact you now of all times, rather than just skipping ahead.
AG: Remem8er how we talked a8out your 8ackup plan? The one you have devised to defeat Jack, in the off chance I fail?
AG: Well, it's not going to work if Rose is dead, is it?
AG: You have to wake her up! 8reathe some life into her. Do the windy thing, with your lips!!!!!!!!
AG: You know what that means........
AG: Gotta kiss her.
AG: Don't worry, I still can't see you, so there is no reason to 8e 8ashful or anything.
AG: And since we are a couple of professionals here who are focused on winning, we 8oth know it doesn't have any meaning.
AG: It's not l8ke I would 8e jealous even if I could see.
AG: Why wo8ld I 8e?
AG: Or may8e that didn't even cr8ss your mind........ haha.
AG: M8n, why am I ev8n t8lking a8out th8s.
AG: Let's just forget I said that. This isn't really how I wanted this convers8tion to go!
AG: I guess I was assuming you'd 8e talking 8ack 8y now. So now I'm just talking and talking and spinning my wheel device like an idiot.
AG: May8e I don't actually know how I wanted it to go.
AG: I guess I could just shut up and skip ahead on your timeline a little, talk to you when you're alive.
AG: That would make sense.
AG: So
AG: I guess
AG: I will do that.
AG: 8ut then........
AG: May8e if I did, I wouldn't actually say what I wanted to say.
AG: So
AG: I will just say it.
AG: To 8e honest, I am nervous a8out this fight.
AG: 8ut I'm still going through with it, for a lot of reasons.
AG: To save my friends, or at least the ones who are still alive. Oh, and I guess to save reality itself from 8eing totally fucked up. There's that too.
AG: 8ut I think what's motiv8ting me to win this fight the most is........
AG: The possi8ility of getting to meet you when it's all over!
AG: May8e I can finally put all this terri8le stuff 8ehind me.
AG: And I won't have to worry a8out 8eing the 8est anymore, or proving what a ruthless killer I can 8e.
AG: May8e I can try out whatever is supposed to 8e normal for a human. Who knows, it might not 8e as 8oring as it sounds!
AG: May8e
AG: If you're not too freaked out 8y all the 8ad things I've done........
AG: Or the fact that I am an alien
AG: We could go on a d8? ::::O
AG: Don't worry, it could 8e a human d8, whatever that entails.
AG: No weird alien stuff, I promise! And no killing or murders, or even talking a8out killing or murders and such. Just whatever you like to talk a8out and think is cool.
AG: I could even 8e persu8ed to watch more of your a8surd human films.
AG: Do you like any others which feature that rugged human with the long hair and wounded arm?
AG: You know the one. The sweaty guy with the mutil8ed animal and the speech impediment.
AG: Those would 8e tolera8le to watch, I 8et.
AG: Well, think it over.
AG: 8efore I go, I'll get in touch one more time l8er on, when you're alive and may8e have something to say a8out it.
AG: Oh yeah........
AG: Sorry a8out your adult male guardian. I wasn't trying to 8e deceptive 8y not telling you.
AG: I decided not to, 8ecause I didn't want to 8e the one to make you sad a8out it. 
AG: Was that selfish of me? I dunno.
AG: You would have found out regardless. Like we all did. There are things we care a8out that we just have to leave 8ehind.
AG: It just sucks for those who aren't in as much a hurry to leave it all 8ehind as me!
AG: W8.
AG: Someone's coming, hang on.
AG: Oh god.
AG: She's wearing her RP outfit! What the hell is she up to?
AG: Man, she's got her dum8 dragon doll and everything. Guess she means 8usiness this time.
AG: Dammit, I've got to go deal with this now.
AG: Anyway, if you actually get around to reading any of this, thanks for listening, John.
AG: If my outrageously gr8 luck has any say in the matter, we will 8e meeting up in no time!
AG: Just please consider what I said.
AG: Ok........
AG: L8r! <33333333
AG: OH GOD.
AG: OH MY FUCKING HELL, THIS IS SO INSANELY AWKWARD AND SAD.
AG: HANG ON
AG: Hi, John human.
AG: Yes, I can see that. Two ugly garments, and seeds for some kind of strange earth vegeta8le? Pretty lame present, John!!!!!!!!
AG: Not as awesome as something you will 8e wearing later, thanks to me.
AG: Calm down, I just thought I would foreshadow my existence to you at this quaint moment on your timeline.
AG: It is way too tempting not to let you know I have taken gr8 care to 8ecome a very important feature of your life.
AG: Or for that matter, to let you know that I will 8e giving you a present so much 8etter than the useless crap you're shoving in that 8ox.
AG: I will 8e giving you the gift of immortality!
AG: Yes, as a matter of fact. Nice guess!
AG: It will come at a cost though.
AG: The latter, jackass!
AG: In order for you to claim it, you will have to 8e quite gulli8le and allow me to arrange your murder.
AG: 8ut you will 8e! You will happily go along with everything I tell you to do.
AG: And then, once I have completely earned your trust, I will kill you John. ::::)
AG: 8ut this is all true. I've seen it already. You have no idea how delicious the dramatic irony is right now!
AG: You will die. I will lead you into a trap, and watch you 8leed to death on a 8ig stone sla8 with a sword stuck in your chest.
AG: There is nothing you can do a8out it. In fact, it has already happened!
AG: I'll leave you alone soon enough.
AG: I was just feeling pretty pleased with myself, a8out all the 8rilliant plans I made for you and your friends.
AG: Stopping 8y in your past to mess with your head is really just a courtesy, 8ecause I like to think we're pretty good friends 8y the time I get around to killing you. ::::D
AG: I guess so.
AG: 8ut my inevita8le grisly murder of you notwithstanding, you're a pretty fun guy to hassle. It'll 8e difficult sparing you from the privilege of my company until your game 8egins.
AG: Please, John. As if there is any conceiva8le sequence of events which could lead me to consider you as a via8le romantic partner, in any quadrant. Even the pale ones.
AG: Yes.
AG: I mean, I was going to.
AG: 8ut now I guess I'm not.
AG: 8ecause this isn't really happening.
AG: It did, once.
AG: 8ut now it's just a memory.
AG: I guess I must 8e dead.
AG: The conversation as it went 8efore is already over. I said good8ye, and you 8locked me. Don't you remem8er?
AG: Exactly. 8ecause we've already 8een through this. You're either asleep, or dead like me.
AG: Man! I can't 8elieve I let her trick me like that. Such an amateur mistake.
AG: Hey........
AG: Do you have any recollection at all of the last message I sent you 8efore I died?
AG: Yeah, I figured. Just as well. I made some pretty em8arrassing confessions to you.
AG: I guess I'm getting what I asked for in a way. Even though it's not what I pictured.
AG: I asked you if you wanted to........
AG: You know.
AG: Hang out.
AG: Yes.
AG: So what do you say?
AG: Or, what do you think you might have said?
AG: Yeah.
AG: John, there is no present! You are not in your hive, and you don't have anything to send. She received it a long time ago. None of this matters anymore.
AG: If you don't 8elieve me, you are free to look out your window.
AG: It might help you remem8er.
AG: And........
AG: You will 8e a8le to see me.
AG: If you want.
AG: Yes, John. Horns and all. That totally proves I am an alien 8eyond a shadow of a dou8t!
AG: Now what do you make of these 8lank white eyes of mine? What do you think THAT could mean, hmmmmmmmm?
AG: Humans have literally the dum8est extraterrestrial lore. Weren't those supposed to 8e aliens on one of your posters?
AG: Well if you want to know, normally, we have 8right orange eyes, with gray irises. They fill in with our 8lood pigment as we get older.
AG: Also, normally I have this one goofy eye with seven pupils 8ecause I'm kind of a weirdo. 8ut I guess that's gone now that I'm dead.
AG: Not that you 8elieve me, 8ecause you just refuse to remem8er anything.
AG: So you don't remem8er anything a8out the game at all, then? The destruction of your planet? 8ringing your ancestor 8ack to life as a clown woman?
AG: Putting a huge flaming ocean out with your magical wind? Jack Noir? Dying, resurrecting, and possi8ly dying again? Is any of this tickling your sponge?
AG: Fuck, I cannot 8elieeeeeeeeve how cold it is on this planet. How can any species possi8ly 8e a8le to survive somewhere like this?
AG: Oh.
AG: Ok.
AG: Sure, John. Let's just say that's what it was.
AG: Thanks.
AG: So, is this how humans 8egin an earth d8?
AG: With simple acts of flattery and kindness?
AG: No. I've decided this definitely will not 8e a d8.
AG: Not until you remem8er something, at least.
AG: Now that you mention it, me too, pro8a8ly. Your goofy awkwardness is a 8it contagious, frankly.
AG: So now what do we do?
AG: Hey........
AG: This thing isn't slimy at all! What the hell.
AG: I've noticed humans don't seem to keep any slime around the hive. And yet you are strangely cavalier a8out your open display of certain........ receptacles.
AG: What's the deal with that? Is it that you're just that ashamed of your secretions as a species?
AG: So 8izarre.
AG: Sure.
AG: My custodian had her ways of making me tougher too.
AG: That's fine.
AG: What else can you show me?
AG: Sounds gr8.
AG: Does your planet usually have these kind of temper8ture swings?
AG: No thanks. I think I'll keep it on.
AG: I know what happened.
AG: I saw it.
AG: Yes.
AG: Do you want to know?
AG: It might jostle your memory.
AG: I 8elieve this lake is where Jade landed. You landed a little ways over there, a8out where your hive is now. You clo88ered your nanna to death with the aforementioned joke 8ook. 8ut it wasn't your fault. You were 8oth just little wigglers, riding meteors from the future.
AG: You cre8ted yourself, your nanna, Jade, her grandpa, not to mention Dave and Rose and their guardians, all in a la8 using paradox slime, and sent them 8ack in time as the silly gru8s with arms and legs you call 8a8ies. And here you were dou8ting the usefulness of slime!
AG: Yes, a8solutely.
AG: I paid close attention to all this, 8ecause I thought it might give me some clues a8out us and our ancestors, who were made the same way.
AG: Any of this familiar?
AG: Yeah. I figured as much.
AG: Since you seem 8ent on staying in your dream 8u88le coma, why don't I continue the tour?
AG: Sort of.
AG: We are going on an adventure.
AG: Through your memories.
AG: Through mine too.
AG: This would 8e a really fun thing to do on a d8, I think!
AG: If we actually were on a d8, which we're not.
AG: If that's what you want to think to keep you comfy in your stupor, sure.
AG: This is my home planet 8efore it was destroyed.
AG: It's called Alternia.
AG: That is my hive, which is a thing that you refer to as a house.
AG: It's where I grew up.
AG: No shit!
AG: It is 8ig and fore8oding and ostent8ious, just the way I wanted it.
AG: As a 8lue8lood, I was entitled to 8uild such a home. Something to set me far apart from the commoners.
AG: Of course not. Ro8ots 8uilt it for me when I was very young.
AG: 8ut I was allowed to dict8 instructions. Expected to, in fact.
AG: Really?
AG: I still find it interesting what sort of mundane facts humans tend to 8e impressed 8y.
AG: Anyway, my design kind of got 8oring as I got older. A huge castle hive sounds great, 8ut it starts feeling pretty cavernous and lonely after a while. There were so many 8locks I never even used!
AG: Your tastes change, 8ut you get stuck with growing up in a place suited to your earliest, most juvenile inclin8ions.
AG: No8ody tells you that when you're a kid though.
AG: John........
AG: That 8arely compara8le example is so cute, I don't even know what to say.
AG: This was my custodian.
AG: She was hurt in an accident.
AG: I killed her myself to put her out of her misery.
AG: Yeah. I was really into treasure hunting for a while.
AG: Never mind those!
AG: This was my respite8lock.
AG: From kind of an em8arrassing memory, actually.
AG: John, addiction is a powerful thing. You pro8a8ly wouldn't understand.
AG: Just a fairy dress.
AG: I wore it for this stupid thing I did once.
AG: Don't worry a8out it! Man, this would 8e such an awkward moment on a d8. Again, if it was one.
AG: Let's keep going.
AG: You tell me.
AG: I don't know, John. They're your memories.
AG: Shrug!!!!!!!!
AG: It was your 13th.
AG: Sounds like some things are coming 8ack to you.
AG: Any chance you remem8er me yet?
AG: ........
AG: Well, just so you know, he is pro8a8ly not actually there.
AG: Kind of like how my lusus was just a memory.
AG: As a matter of fact, yes, I am a psychic alien. 8ut that has nothing to do with this!
AG: These are our memories, and we are in the afterlife. I keep trying to tell you, and it's starting to get frustr8ing.
AG: Aaaaaaaargh!
AG: Does that mean you'll 8elieve me now?
AG: It's nice that you 8elieve me. 8ut that doesn't mean you remem8er yet.
AG: He died too. You saw his 8ody. Don't you at least remem8er that?
AG: Then what?
AG: Do you remem8er me yet?
AG: This comes as news to me.
AG: You do?
AG: This sounds like Terezi's handiwork.
AG: Yep. That's her.
AG: I guess she got 8oth of us then. Un8elieva8le.
AG: Yes.
AG: Well, not tricked, so much as made a pointless coin flip and sta88ed me in the 8ack.
AG: Oh, sure. She was easily the most underhanded and villainous mem8er of our group.
AG: 8ut I did let my guard down. And even when she sta88ed me, I sure didn't think I was going to die.
AG: It turns out immortality isn't all it's cracked up to 8e. Let's leave it at that.
AG: No, I did! 8ut........
AG: Ugh, this will 8e hard to explain to you.
AG: Haha. I guess in her own sick way, she actually set us up on this d8 together.
AG: May8e I should thank her whenever she falls asleep? Or dies, god for8id.
AG: I don't know.
AG: I said it wouldn't 8e unless you remem8ered. And now you remem8er.
AG: 8ut you still don't remem8er me, do you?
AG: Yeah, thought so.
AG: This version of you died 8efore I started messing with you. Not that I expect you to understand what that means.
AG: Yes, that's right.
AG: I guess I should have learned to give you more credit 8y now.
AG: I still can't 8elieve I'm meeting a version of you that doesn't remem8er a thing a8out me. None of my gr8 exploits, or any of the ways I helped you. Only that one stupid time I taunted you!
AG: It's a vaguely frustr8ing feeling.
AG: So you remem8er literally nothing I told you a8out myself? Not even the, uh........
AG: Compromising stuff?
AG: Your species would think so. 8ut I guess it doesn't matter anymore.
AG: You wouldn't find that 8oring?
AG: I haven't?
AG: ........
AG: It's Vriska.
AG: Yes.
AG: Man, I don't know.
AG: May8e,
AG: You could tell me a8out how you died?
AG: What were the "things that just happened" you were talking a8out?
AG: ::::D
AG: Not really.
AG: I'm used to taking shortcuts whenever I play games.
AG: *Snort.*
AG: Against a denizen? Of course that piece of shit isn't going to do anything.
AG: If I were you, I would have chucked it into the forge.
AG: It might 8e alright if you com8ined it with something awesome.
AG: Like some cool dice, for instance.
AG: What's this?
AG: You were right to 8e nervous. Denizens are incredi8ly powerful monsters. You had no chance whatsoever at this stage of the game.
AG: You might have stood a chance after I started helping you. 8ut Terezi really screwed you over 8y leading you here so early.
AG: Why?
AG: What was? Getting killed 8y a monster?
AG: How could you know all that?
AG: This denizen does not look asleep to me.
AG: Well, that explains your quick death. If your denizen was anything like mine, it wouldn't have wasted much time 8efore unleashing a huge shitstorm of devast8ing monster magic.
AG: Her name was Cetus.
AG: She was this awful sea monster. Her lair was deep underground amidst a 8unch of shipwrecks. She was quite vicious and territorial. I knew I had to kill her quickly to release the hoard, 8efore she had the chance to do anything tricky.
AG: Oh, of course. She was 8a88ling in riddles through most of the fight. I wasn't paying much attention though. I mean, what creature DOESN'T speak in 8oring riddles in this game?
AG: Yeah, pretty much. We were all pretty good players, remem8er?
AG: Well........
AG: Ok, I can't exactly speak for everyone. There was a lot going on, and I don't know how some people went a8out 8eating their denizens.
AG: For instance, I'm not sure how our hero of 8reath did it. May8e the monster just released the hoard for him out of pity????????
AG: If there was a way to avoid a tough 8attle, I'm sure he found it.
AG: It sounds like a good way to cheat yourself out of a lot of sweet xp and loot though.
AG: John, are you saying you had a nice friendly chat with this hideous, 8loodthirsty creature 8efore he killed you?
AG: Hahahahahahahaha!
AG: Aaaaaaaa haaaaaaaa haaaaaaaa haaaaaaaa haaa........ man, fuck this.
AG: It's a real pain in the ass typing out long victorious laughs with only one hand, you know?
AG: Gonna have to patch this thing up somehow. May8e I'll pay a visit to my neigh8or a little l8er.
AG: Getting my arm fixed nearly ought to 8e worth enduring the stench. Aw yeah. Sick 8urn from outta nowhere. Take that, Zahhak.
AG: Haha! NEIGH8or. I can't 8elieve I only thought of that now! I 8et he'll get kick out of that.
AG: I 8et you even more he won't laugh though. What a 8oring piece of shit.
AG: I know YOU would think it's funny though. Right Terezi?
AG: Man, I sure am glad this little feud of ours is 8asically over. We're totally even!
AG: Now we can just go 8ack to 8eing friends, and things will 8e gr8.
AG: Hmmmmmmmm........
AG: Hahahaha! You won't 8elieve this, 8ut it only occurred to me now that you won't even 8e a8le to read this!
AG: Even if you do somehow manage to stum8le 8ack to your hive........ you're 8lind now! Whoooooooops.
AG: It would 8e a real shame if we couldn't 8ury the hatchet and 8e gr8 friends again 8ecause of a stupid 8ullshit reason like that.
AG: Oh, I know.
AG: May8e I'll mindjack some random chump and send him to your hive so he can read my messages to you out loud!
AG: What a perfect solution. He can 8e your assisted living slave. 
AG: I would have had the perfect candid8 all lined up, 8ut he recently lost the use of his legs unfortun8ly. Oh well, I'll just roll with the punches like I always do and find someone else.
AG: Just say the word, and I'll make him do whatever you want! Read my awesome notes to you, hang some more plush dragons from your tree, pre-chew your food........
AG: Well, may8e not pre-chew it, since I didn't exactly knock your teeth out, did I?
AG: May8e more like pre-look-at your food, to make sure there are 8ugs in it.
AG: See, isn't it gr8 when we're helping each other out instead of maiming each other repeatedly?
AG: This is how it should 8e 8etween Scourge Sisters. All the maimings and 8acksta88ings should 8e saved for the friends and foes who get in our way, don't you think?
AG: Hey, what do you want to do for our next campaign, 8tw?
AG: We can take the next one easy. I'll try to think of something 8etter suited to your new disa8ility!
AG: I mean, I've ALREADY pretty much nixed anything involving stairs, 8ecause of Tavros. Lol.
AG: 8n't no one can say I'm not willing to meet people half way!!!!!!!!
AG: Whew........
AG: I'm losing a lot of 8lood here.
AG: Good thing I seem to have a ton of the stuff. We high8loods are made of some pretty tough shit.
AG: What a fucking mess, though. Not really looking forward to cleaning this up.
AG: I've got to say, your prank was pretty good. Still not sure how you pulled it off. Pretty inconvenient though!
AG: It's too 8ad you're not going to get to read this for a while, if ever. We could 8e 8onding over the gr8 pranks we just pulled on each other!
AG: Oh well.
AG: Guess I'll take off. 8efore I drop dead like some kind of loser and you never get to hear from me again.
AG: See you around, sis.
AG: Hey now!
AG: What kind of attitude is that to 8ring into this memory?
AG: Easy, there.
AG: No need to waste good remorse on such a trivial exchange.
AG: I am only reminding you,
AG: That if you 8ring too much 8aggage from the past into the memory, it is dou8tful your experience will 8e either therapeutic or cathartic.
AG: You were the one who invoked this memory after all.
AG: Isn't this why you are here? Is it not what you have 8een hoping for and fretting you may find since your journey 8egan?
AG: A chance to say you are sorry?
AG: Sorry for the ruse.
AG: Though it isn't as far from the truth as it possi8ly could 8e, I am not who you think I am.
AG: I of course needed to visit you through a memory, and interestingly, this is the one you gave me.
AG: No ill will or upsetting hijinks were intended.
AG: Aranea.
AG: And I am your friend's ancestor.
AG: In fact, I am yours too, in a way.
AG: Yes. Though not quite how you are picturing.
AG: She had an ancestor whom she was aware of, and technically that is who I am.
AG: That is to say, she is who I would have 8ecome on your world, had I arrived in her place. Alas, I did not.
AG: She was a figure in your history who preceded you 8y thousands of solar sweeps.
AG: Whereas I preceded your entire civilization 8y 8illions.
AG: That's ok. There is plenty of time to sort it all out.
AG: I've 8een keeping an eye on you all for quite a while. Your whole planet, actually. It was very interesting this time around, to say the least.
AG: It even had a different name! "Alternia." Haha. How heavy handed can you get?
AG: The man responsi8le was a 8it of a wise guy. He rewrote everything. He had a knack for overzealous storytelling, which is a harmless enough ha8it usually. I'm guilty of it myself sometimes.
AG: 8ut it is not so harmless when the perpetrator is omniscient and omnipotent.
AG: That's right.
AG: 8ut he's dead now, and his story is over. The 8ook on our universe is closed, 8oth for my instance and yours.
AG: This 8eing the case, I thought it was the right time to introduce myself. The com8ined work of my group and yours is unfinished, and the outcome has not 8een assured.
AG: The true ultimate reward has yet to 8e achieved. No safe haven has 8een created that is free from the devastation caused 8y Mr. Milkshake's grand deception.
AG: Our race still teeters on extinction. The mem8ers of your party, and one noteworthy fugitive, are the sole survivors.
AG: We must work together to create that haven and restore our race, so that the sacrifices we all made will not 8e in vain.
AG: 8ut in order to repair the unthinka8le damage that has 8een done, we need to allow ourselves the chance to heal first.
AG: Old wounds, old regrets. They will serve no purpose on the rest of your journey.
AG: Sure. You have to start somewhere.
AG: Not at the moment.
AG: 8ut the more time you spend here, the more likely it is you will find whomever you are looking for.
AG: On the other hand, if it is the unknowa8le will of the gods, you may dance around each other indefinitely as you pass through this space. It is hard to say.
AG: Well, if she had 8een dwelling in this 8u88le like you thought, what would you want to say to her?
AG: Surely you would not have just argued a8out the past.
AG: Then what would you say to me?
AG: No. I can empathize.
AG: She was a serious trou8lemaker in your party. Many player groups have to deal with those.
AG: I feel as though we had one of the worst cases in our party. 8ut when all was said and done, she was still our friend.
AG: At that moment, perhaps.
AG: You know very well the channels of possi8ility at that exact juncture resulted from her decision paths as well as yours.
AG: 8ut even so, when it comes to your key decisions, the possi8ilities are pro8a8ly fewer and more discrete than you have presumed.
AG: Otherwise you would not see results consolidated into those vortices, would you? Possi8ility would resem8le an enormous hazy field of infinitely su8tle variations and micro-choices.
AG: Imagine if at that moment you truly were capa8le of anything, no matter how outlandish, a8surd, or patently fruitless. How would this vast amount of information present itself to you through your senses? What difference would it make in your final decision if all other tri8utaries of whim spilled into the same decaying future? And what would this make of your agency as a hero meant to learn and grow?
AG: Look at it this way. Imagine that over the course of someone's life, they are truly capa8le of every conceiva8le action at any moment, and did indeed take each of those actions in different 8ranching realities. Doesn't a scenario like that deaden a person's agency just as much as one where their fate is decidedly etched in stone as a single path of unavoida8le decisions? Who exactly is that person who can and does take all conceiva8le actions, other than someone perfectly generic, who only appears to have unique predilections and motives when you examine the ar8itrary path they happen to occupy?
AG: Pardon the esoteric tangent. These are my instincts as a Hero of Light kicking in. It's hard for us to resist prattling on a8out matters like this.
AG: ::::)
AG: You may seek to understand your decisions and look for justice in their consequences. You may wonder why honora8le choices from the innocent are punished 8y 8anishment to a timeline in which everyone dies and all is gradually dissolved.
AG: It helps to understand your role, not just as a hero who must overcome, 8ut as a single capillary within a much larger 8ioexistential system.
AG: Think of it like circulatory system, where the veins and capillaries that do not help the overall flow of 8lood through the system are likely to wither and die. Those are doomed offshoots.
AG: Reality itself is using you and many others to propagate its own existence. Strictly speaking, there is only one path to its successful propagation. 8ut it still permits you to make choices. Not all that are conceiva8le, 8ut some nevertheless, as dictated 8y who you are and the challenges you face. And you are free to make key decisions however you like, as long as you understand that some of these paths unfairly or not will lead to o8livion. 8ecause those choices do not contri8ute constructively to the perpetuation of all existence, including your own.
AG: Such is the 8urden assumed 8y anyone who plays this game.
AG: Well, you aren't finished 8eing one, are you?
AG: Which one would you tell it to?
AG: The one who fought with Noir, or the one who didn't?
AG: Ah.
AG: Well, this could either 8e my experience as an ancient ghost talking, or the perspective I am naturally given to as a Light player,
AG: 8ut aren't you equally responsi8le for 8oth?
AG: I can see why you would feel more responsi8ility for one than the other.
AG: My perspective is informed 8y my class and aspect. It was to my advantage as a healer to see things a little differently. To find equanimity across many different outcomes.
AG: There's more to the realization of our roles than gaining flashy powers.
AG: And there's more to healing than repairing 8attle damage.
AG: You killed a friend and you understanda8ly feel regret.
AG: 8ut it's done. She is gone and you are still here.
AG: Now what?
AG: You could look for a8solution through rationalization. Everyone would have died if you didn't take action, so why trou8le yourself with guilty emotion?
AG: 8ut there is no real healing power in 8elieving that. And I don't think it's what you wanted to tell yourself anyway, is it?
AG: Or what a8out through renunciation of responsi8ility? If you were just a tool used 8y reality to perpetuate itself, where is the 8lame?
AG: 8ut that would 8e another empty idea that has no power to heal.
AG: You've 8een lead to 8elieve such acts of violence are natural for your kind, and that if you're upset 8y the consequences then something is wrong with you.
AG: 8ut it isn't as natural as you might think. That conditioning was a part of Milkshake's long con.
AG: Violence was respected and cele8rated on your world, 8ut remorse was rarely felt and pain could never heal due to such empty justifications. We died out a wounded race, and you are all that's left.
AG: The process of healing first involves sifting through what it isn't, which happens to 8e almost everything your trou8led mind has to offer.
AG: There isn't one.
AG: It takes time, and is only accelerated 8y looking at things honestly.
AG: This is what I did as a Sylph of Light. Helped people see things.
AG: I could even perform the feat literally, if you wanted.
AG: It's up to you of course.
AG: Not at all. That's a very good reason.
AG: I thought the polite thing to do was at least offer.
AG: Yes. 8ut in a different universe instance, I often refer to as A1. The shorthand helps avoid confusion, trust me.
AG: My group of twelve played the game, 8ut failed. It overwhelmed us. A lot went wrong. The reckoning destroyed our 8attlefield well 8efore we had any hope of winning.
AG: I sought advice from Echidna, and she told me how to scratch the session to give us another chance.
AG: 8ut the choice to do so came with accepting the annihilation of our existing forms. In the new instance, we would lead completely different lives with no memory of what happened.
AG: So we did, and created A2. Your instance, your world, and your game in which we were all inexplica8ly created in the first place.
AG: As I said, this time around the world was........ interesting.
AG: Not all of you.
AG: Some had lessons from the old world to teach others. 8ut few ever heard them.
AG: Not exactly. 8ut life was pretty mild and uneventful.
AG: I'm not even sure if I was especially nice, 8y our standards.
AG: Mostly kind of 8oring.
AG: No8ody from my party liked me a whole lot.
AG: I think I talked too much, and had a ha8it of 8ringing conversations 8ack around to myself.
AG: Not that it matters anymore, 8ut it was not the 8est way to make friends.
AG: Thanks!
AG: It goes to show, just 8ecause your race is peaceful doesn't mean you don't have pro8lems.
AG: I used to fantasize a8out 8eing someone really outgoing and dramatic.
AG: Someone who had the confidence do whatever she wanted, like go on the most outrageous adventures without caring what anyone thought a8out her.
AG: Like someone from a 8ook, you know?
AG: It turned out I actually got what I wanted after the reset. Unfortunately it came along with our people's enslavement and near extinction.
AG: Not that I really got to live as her, exactly. 8ut at least I got a chance to follow her life. And it was a very long life.
AG: 8eing here for ages has its 8enefits.
AG: It has 8een a very long time.
AG: So long, time has 8een stripped of the meaning it never really had in the first place.
AG: It doesn't really pass in the same way it does when you're alive. Concepts like "now" and "how long" are figures of speech used to make communication simpler.
AG: I've quit trying to give expression to the elusive temporal properties of this place. It's easier staying conversational.
AG: 8ut I will say that 8eing here "for so long" lends itself to a certain detachment from what you see. Otherwise, monitoring the atrocities stemming from our failure wouldn't 8e much fun.
AG: Yes, sometimes.
AG: 8ut missing it usually invites memories of home to serve as the stage.
AG: Not that it's a su8stitute for the previous reality. 8ut the reminders of home are everywhere.
AG: Yes. I see them often enough.
AG: Except for one, whom I haven't seen at all since 8efore we all died.
AG: In fact, she's the only reason we are here in the first place, as opposed to merely ceasing to exist upon the scratch.
AG: In life, she was the only one I would have called a close friend, in a way.
AG: The thing is, no8ody liked her much either. We had that in common. ::::)
AG: Remem8er how I said the gods could keep you dancing around someone you're looking for indefinitely?
AG: Well, "8illions," yes. In a manner of speaking.
AG: That's right. In fact, we are on our way to visit her now.
AG: Notice the moon up there?
AG: And not the larger green interloper. That one never 8elonged to my world. It is your memory, not mine.
AG: It's the setting of the memory she entered.
AG: From her perspective, she has just arrived here.
AG: Your friends should 8e joining us too, 8efore your meteor clears the 8u88le.
AG: May8e together we can 8ring the Thief of Life up to speed.
VRISKA: !
VRISKA: Tavros, this fucking sucks.
VRISKA: What do you mean, "wHAT,"?
VRISKA: For starters, that completely horri8le shared 8ody resurrection 8ullshit that just happened.
VRISKA: You were there, remem8er? That's kind of the point!
VRISKA: Overreacting my ass!
VRISKA: What a nightmare. It's still making my ghostly skin crawl just thinking a8out it.
VRISKA: Oh, sure. That's easy for you to say.
VRISKA: You weren't the one getting the short end of the shared personality stick!
VRISKA: May8e if your personality was as much an upgrade to mine as mine was to yours, I would have 8een cool with it too.
VRISKA: What?
VRISKA: Hahahaha. You're welcome!
VRISKA: Now that you mention it, may8e there was a silver lining to that freak show.
VRISKA: Someone else finally got a chance to feel first hand how gr8 it is 8eing me!
VRISKA: Ok. Dead mostly.
VRISKA: Yeah.
VRISKA: Hey, sorry a8out that 8y the way.
VRISKA: A8out killing you! It wasn't very cool of me.
VRISKA: How could you forget? Haven't you 8een pissed off at me a8out it?
VRISKA: No, you idiot! That's not what happened at all. I sta88ed you through the chest 8ecause I was 8eing a huge 8itch!
VRISKA: Ugh, stop 8eing so stupid. That's so stupid!
VRISKA: You are such a pain in the ass when you're dead. Let's just agree it was my fault and drop it.
VRISKA: Man, 8eing dead is such a drag.
VRISKA: I don't know if I can deal with this shit anymore!
VRISKA: Oh come on. It's so 8oring!
VRISKA: What a completely pointless and hollow existence this is.
VRISKA: And if the existential malaise wasn't 8ad enough, now I have to 8e constantly watching out for that fucking orange guy.
VRISKA: The orange guy! Haven't you seen him?
VRISKA: Well, there's an orange guy.
VRISKA: No, not Davesprite! It's just some random pointless orange guy who's 8een hassling me for some reason.
VRISKA: I can't catch a 8r8k!
VRISKA: And if that weren't enough of a nuisance, we've apparently got to deal with getting yanked out of the afterlife without a moment's notice 8y some 8ozo in a codpiece to particip8 in his grotesque 8ody fusion pranks.
VRISKA: 8etween you and me, I'm starting to think we are getting jerked around here. You know?
VRISKA: Some inexplica8le forces out there are fucking with us. They are doing everything in their power to make sure that when we're not 8eing totally humili8ted, we are staying completely irrelevant.
VRISKA: We can't let them toy with us, then just sweep us under the carpet like that. I'm not going to let our relevance 8e marginalized anymore, Tavros.
VRISKA: I think it's time to start fucking some shit up.
VRISKA: More like oh yes!
VRISKA: I'm sick of this shit. I'm sick of 8eing dead and useless and 8ored, and I'm not going to take it anymore.
VRISKA: You're with me, right?
VRISKA: Tavros, that is the lamest thing I've ever heard you say, which is really saying something.
VRISKA: You've got to quit that loser attitude and get your ass out of the sand. That's just your low self esteem talking again.
VRISKA: I'm going to have to insist.
VRISKA: You are going to join me and together we are going to fuck shit up.
VRISKA: Yes, you are.
VRISKA: Yes.
VRISKA: Yes.
VRISKA: ::::D
VRISKA: TAAAAAAAAVR........ Oh!
VRISKA: Hi John.
VRISKA: Tavros, I didn't know you were hanging out with John. You should have come told me.
VRISKA: What? What were you arguing a8out?
VRISKA: W8........ what do you mean woke up? Why were you asleep?
VRISKA: Dammit, Tavros. You can't 8e slacking off like that.
VRISKA: I told you, we aren't fucking around anymore. This is serious 8usiness.
VRISKA: Yeah!
VRISKA: Oh, sorry. I really should have introduced myself. I guess I forgot I technically never met this version of you.
VRISKA: Yep.
VRISKA: Yes, John. That's what 8eing a ghost means.
VRISKA: No, I get what you're asking.
VRISKA: Yes, the real me. The actual, legit, fully authentic alpha timeline Vriska. Dead. Gone. Fuckin' toast.
VRISKA: A corpse!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: That's assuming my 8ody was sufficiently preserved during the trip.
VRISKA: Which, now that I think a8out it, I guess it was? It must have 8een, 8ecause otherwise that unspeaka8le prototyping atrocity couldn't have happened.
VRISKA: That piece of shit clown. I still have no idea what the deal with that was! He's completely lost his mind. Anyway, that's neither here nor there.
VRISKA: Honestly, I'm surprised you hadn't already heard I was dead, one way or another. It's kind of old news?
VRISKA: Then again, these things are all relative. So who knows.
VRISKA: Are you ok? You seem sad.
VRISKA: I guess so.
VRISKA: Oh yeah! That's right. We were.
VRISKA: 8ut then I got sta88ed through the 8ack. Which to 8e fair, was for the good of the party, so the meteor could make the trip in the first place, and keep this whole crazy sequence of events intact.
VRISKA: Not gonna lie. I made some mistakes.
VRISKA: Just some pointless, deadly teen drama. Mostly 8rought on 8y ourselves, all acting like juvenile idiots. Like I said, old news.
VRISKA: VERY old for me. I've 8een here a pretty long time now.
VRISKA: A lot has happened since I died. John, did you know the little rendezvous we planned sort of already happened? I mean, in a way.
VRISKA: Yes. With your ghost.
VRISKA: I mean, the ghost of one of your altern8te selves, who died along the way doing some stupid thing.
VRISKA: Actually, he and I d8ted for a little while.
VRISKA: Groan. Here we go.
VRISKA: Tavros, I have led a rich and complic8ted life and death. I can hardly 8e expected to tell you a8out every little thing that I've 8een through.
VRISKA: 8esides, you should have already known this a8out me.
VRISKA: 8ecause we shared a sprite 8ody once!!!!!!!! We 8riefly had access to all each others memories and feelings.
VRISKA: So if you didn't take the chance to dig that out of my memory, you only have yourself to 8lame.
VRISKA: Well, all I can say is, I managed! I took the opportunity to remem8er pretty much all YOUR memories.
VRISKA: I was in and out like a 8andit, and now all your life experiences are mine.
VRISKA: Them's the 8r8ks!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Yes.
VRISKA: What?
VRISKA: Why?
VRISKA: Hey, we apparently don't get to remem8er the results of a lot of choices we didn't actually make!
VRISKA: Again, see: the 8r8ks.
VRISKA: It was fine. For a while.
VRISKA: It didn't really work out.
VRISKA: We crossed paths every now and then after that.
VRISKA: Things stayed pretty friendly 8etween us.
VRISKA: Until he died.
VRISKA: He was murdered.
VRISKA: Yes.
VRISKA: Yes! Dead dead. For good.
VRISKA: Jack? Are you kidding? No, John.
VRISKA: Jack is 8arely in the picture as a threat anymore. He's just more old news.
VRISKA: You did?
VRISKA: Oh yeah!
VRISKA: Those were good times, when I helped you 8e gr8. ::::)
VRISKA: That's awesome!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: One time in an altern8te reality, I came pretty close to killing him apparently.
VRISKA: You 8et. Too 8ad that was in a timeline that didn't really count. 8ut it's always reassuring to know you can put up a good fight against a strong adversary if you ever needed to. Now I guess you know you can too.
VRISKA: What happened after you 8onked him on the head? I 8et he was mad.
VRISKA: A white Jack?
VRISKA: No fucking clue.
VRISKA: Ok, that may 8e, 8ut it sure wasn't Jack who killed a whole shitload of ghosts out here, including one of yours.
VRISKA: I really dou8t Jack can even kill ghosts. In fact, I don't think anyone can except for this guy.
VRISKA: Lord English.
VRISKA: Wow, John. Really?
VRISKA: Wow.
VRISKA: Time to get a clue!
VRISKA: Hasn't it ever occurred to you to wonder who the ultim8 8ad guy of this adventure was going to 8e?
VRISKA: Man, even that way of putting it is a little too pedestrian.
VRISKA: I mean, I already 8eat a last 8oss! The 8lack king was the officially sanctioned last 8oss of our session, and I killed him. This is different.
VRISKA: There's always someone stronger w8ing to 8e revealed. Jack showed up shortly after that, and he was MUCH stronger.
VRISKA: Eventually the curtains get pulled 8ack, and you find out who was 8ehind every terri8le thing that happened all along. Someone who is invaria8ly stronger than all other adversaries 8y a wide margin. The supreme villain!
VRISKA: To 8e honest, I was always kind of w8ing for that guy to show up, whoever he was. For the other shoe to drop, you know? There's always a 8ig 8ad 8ehind everything. A true gamer sees stuff like this coming a mile away.
VRISKA: Yes, I'll admit, I was fooled 8y Jack 8riefly.
VRISKA: For a little while, I thought he was the supreme menace, and I would have to face him in a final showdown.
VRISKA: 8ut it turned out that was just a 8it of standard misdirection. He was just another step up in a typical pattern of escal8tion involving increasingly "insurmounta8le" threats, which legendary heroes like us have to overcome to achieve total victory over everything.
VRISKA: Also, let's face it. I don't think Jack is all that evil, so much as he's just a murderous asshole. Trust me, I know the type.
VRISKA: 8ut English, that guy is as evil as they come. He's the real deal!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Tavros, come on. We've already talked a8out this ad nauseum.
VRISKA: He's the 8ig 8ad!!!!!!!! It's so o8vious. I mean, MAY8E there's someone stronger out there in paradox space? Who knows.
VRISKA: 8ut whoever that is has nothing to fucking do with this massive extended multiverse-spanning campaign!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: English was the guy who stacked the whole deck against us from the start, rigging shit to go haywire, wiping out our race, 8lowing up universes, exterimin8ting ghosts, slaughtering dark gods, and shattering reality itself. Pretty sure we reached the top floor, 8uddy!
VRISKA: Un8elieva8le.
VRISKA: John, just ignore him. He tends to 8e contrary just for the sake of 8eing contrary. It's just what he does these days.
VRISKA: He seems to think it's how you show confidence and assertiveness. The key to high self esteem is apparently just saying "nuh uh!" all the time.
VRISKA: See?
VRISKA: This was apparently the 8ig lesson he learned from sharing a 8rain with me for a few minutes. In order to feel good a8out yourself, just 8e a constant pain in the ass!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Alright, granted, there did in fact exist a person 8y that name.
VRISKA: You aren't spelling it right, though.
VRISKA: 8ecause that's how you spelled it when we used to chat online, dum8ass!!!!!!!! You weren't using enough letters.
VRISKA: And in any case, he doesn't actually represent your self esteem. He's just some dude.
VRISKA: Lol. Whatever floats your 8oat.
VRISKA: What?
VRISKA: ???????!
VRISKA: You could say that.
VRISKA: There's a pretty loaded history 8etween us. It's pro8a8ly 8est not to get into it.
VRISKA: None of that matters anymore anyway, it was so long ago. You know how it is.
VRISKA: Issues 8etween people seem like such a 8ig deal when they're happening. 8ut then you die, and time just goes on, and on........ then on some more.
VRISKA: If enough time passes, shit that used to 8e a 8ig deal kind of stops mattering.
VRISKA: Ok, full disclosure. I used to do a lot of terri8le things to Tavros.
VRISKA: Once I launched him off a cliff and paralyzed him. And if that wasn't 8ad enough, I spent sweeps mocking him for the disa8ility I caused! Haha.
VRISKA: Oh yeah. Then I killed him.
VRISKA: Mm hm.
VRISKA: 8ut like I said, that's suuuuuuuuch old news now, it might as well not have even happened.
VRISKA: Tavros doesn't give a shit a8out that stuff anymore.
VRISKA: Hahahaha! John, can you 8elieve this guy?
VRISKA: This is the kind of shit I have to deal with all the time.
VRISKA: Tavros, the 8igger man is only ACTUALLY the 8igger man if he doesn't refer to himself as the 8igger man. That's kind of the point?
VRISKA: Unless the intent is to produce some form of socially awkward comic relief, which let's face it, is what you're all a8out.
VRISKA: 8ut that's what I like a8out you.
VRISKA: He's just some huge overpowered green freak. A time traveling monster, supposedly invinci8le.
VRISKA: Who he is, what he is, where he came from, none of that really matters.
VRISKA: What matters is how we're going to defeat him.
VRISKA: That's what Tavros and I have 8een working on here for some time now.
VRISKA: Treasure hunting!
VRISKA: Yes. Ok, I should explain.
VRISKA: There's sort of a plan in motion to 8eat English. It's a three pronged approach.
VRISKA: A num8er of people out here in the furthest ring are working on different prongs of the strategy independently.
VRISKA: The first is a quest to find the lost ghost of some alien girl. She's said to 8e one of the keys to defeating him in some way.
VRISKA: Other people are allegedly out there working on that right now. If you ask me, it sounds like a really 8oring approach to defeating him. Who knows if it's even true.
VRISKA: The second is a quest to raise an army of ghosts to challenge him directly in some kind of huge 8attle royale, I guess.
VRISKA: From what I understand, some yahoo out there is 8usy rounding people up. I really have no idea how that's going. I usually just hear stuff through the grapevine.
VRISKA: That approach doesn't really interest me either. Gonna file it under "8oring" as well. Seems a little heavy handed, not to mention too slow.
VRISKA: The third prong is what Tavros and I are 8usy with. The aforementioned treasure hunt.
VRISKA: The legend says there's some mystical ancient treasure hidden somewhere out here in the furthest ring.
VRISKA: I'm assuming it's some kind of weapon. It's said that if you use it, or like, activ8te it in some way, he can 8e defeated forever.
VRISKA: The nature of the treasure is pretty vague, actually. 8ut the first rule of treasure hunting, which I'm admittedly just making up now, is that it doesn't fucking matter what the treasure is.
VRISKA: These three goals are all tied to the same legend which I've uncovered clues a8out over time. Legendary shit is everywhere out here. I'm seriously up to my ass in legend. Hell, I probably even qualify as a legend myself!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: When it comes to solving a 8ig mystery like this, it doesn't hurt that everywhere we go, places are composed of the collective memories of many different adventurers.
VRISKA: We've explored ancient crypts, networks of 8urial mounds, dusty old tom8s, giant pyramids, you name it. Hints a8out the endgame are hidden all over the place.
VRISKA: Really, everyone's pretty lucky I died so I could do all the dirty work on this. Let's get real, no8ody's 8etter prepared to take on the treasure hunting duties than I am.
VRISKA: Not that I'd have it any other way. This just sounds like the 8est plan to me. Why 8other messing around with an army of ghostly dipshits, or some shy magic alien when you can go str8 for the ultim8 weapon?
VRISKA: Hell, may8e I'll just walk right up to him, one-shot the guy and end it all right there.
VRISKA: That's how a real pro goes a8out 8usiness. You take any shortcut you find.
VRISKA: Are you fuckers even listening to me???????? God DAMN it.
VRISKA: No you're not. You're squa88ling with Tavros and his loud shitty whispering a8out some 8ullshit.
VRISKA: Come on, guys. Am I really 8eing that 8oring?
VRISKA: I'm really starting to understand how my ancestor must have felt sometimes. No8ody ever respects an important explan8tion!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Why are you still whispering jackass?!
VRISKA: Sigh.
VRISKA: 8oth of you just keep your damn hands to yourselves, shut up, and let me finish my story.
VRISKA: Tavros! 8ring me the treasure maps!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Yes, that's it. Dump them all over the floor a8out ten feet away from me, just like that.
VRISKA: The sloppier the pile and the further away from me the 8etter. Gr8 jo8, Tavros.
VRISKA: John, come take a look at this.
VRISKA: Sort of! Pro8a8ly not like any maps you've seen.
VRISKA: Check it out. This ought to help you understand how frustr8ting this treasure hunt really is.
VRISKA: John, tell me what you see here.
VRISKA: Right here.
VRISKA: What is this? This thing I'm holding?
VRISKA: No, John.
VRISKA: This is 8ULLSHIT is what it is.
VRISKA: This is what a map looks like in the furthest ring.
VRISKA: This is what ALL maps look like out here.
VRISKA: Turns out plotting the relative geographical features of an infinite 8lack expanse of pure void is every 8it as moronic as it sounds. 8ut that didn't stop some ancient eldritch chucklefuck from doing exactly that.
VRISKA: For the longest time, this is all we've had to go on when it came to deciphering the clues and figuring out the coordin8tes of the legendary treasure.
VRISKA: Do you have any idea how hard it is to pin down the physical location of something out here? Never mind the fact that physical location in the furthest ring is already a mallea8le concept. Just imagine what it's like giving someone directions! What do you tell them?
VRISKA: Proceed in a str8 line shaped like a perpetually shifting torus knot until you feel a sense of despair transcending all mortal comprehension, then hang a right at the next octopus?
VRISKA: There's nothing static out there. No landmarks, no points of reference. Nothing!
VRISKA: If you want to make any headway in this gr8 8ig field of fuckall, SOMEONE has got to start wrecking some shit.
VRISKA: Haha. I wish I had that kind of firepower. 8ut no.
VRISKA: You wouldn't 8elieve my luck.
VRISKA: You see, recently someone's 8een doing that dirty work for us.
VRISKA: Want to know what the kicker is?
VRISKA: The guy who's 8een fucking shit up is the 8ig 8ad himself!
VRISKA: Every time he destroys another dream 8u88le, he does a little more damage to the furthest ring, inexplica8ly shattering the essence of all-encompassing nothingness.
VRISKA: As the cracks spread across the void, new points of reference show up on our maps!
VRISKA: Then we look at the angles and intersections and all the shapes formed 8y the cracks, and compare them to our notes from the various riddles and clues we've discovered a8out the path to the treasure.
VRISKA: It's actually a little like how in old times on Alternia, pir8s used to navig8 8y shapes the stars made. Constell8tions used to have a lot of significance in our culture, not just guiding explorers on their journeys to physical destin8tions, 8ut guiding them on the choices they made in life, pertaining to f8 and all that. Not that humans would really understand anything like that.
VRISKA: I actually find the situ8tion to 8e pretty funny. This guy's ego must 8e astronomical. Classic case of unchecked hu8ris paving the way for his own downfall.
VRISKA: I didn't even need to 8uild a we8 to trap him. He just went ahead and started 8uilding his own.
VRISKA: Talk a8out a lucky 8r8k!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: No, 8ecause the map isn't complete yet!
VRISKA: Needs more cracks so we can plot the rest of the course. All we're a8le to do now is head in the right general direction.
VRISKA: So ironically in order to prevent reality from 8eing destroyed, we need to w8 for it to 8e damaged further. In fact, we're 8etter off encouraging it!
VRISKA: Yes, 8ut it has to 8e strategic. We have to somehow lead him in the direction of the places we want him to damage.
VRISKA: Specifically, the places where the route dead-ends. Wherever we need new points of reference to keep going.
VRISKA: Not really. He's already pissed off. I think he's just permanently that way?
VRISKA: It's more a8out getting his attention. Using the right 88! Like going fishing.
VRISKA: 8ut to do that, you gotta know what he really wants. Like what motiv8tes him. I mean, 8esides indiscrimin8tely killing dead children and huge tentacle monsters.
VRISKA: Sure. The rumor is he's trying to find that dead alien girl I mentioned, and kill her ghost for good.
VRISKA: If he catches on to the fact that some of us are looking for her too, and thinks we're hot on her trail, he'll pro8a8ly start following us around and wreaking havoc wherever we go.
VRISKA: We just have to make sure we're in the right place when he tries to kill us. Oh, also try not to actually die again while we're at it. Haha.
VRISKA: Sort of! It's actually more the 8ogus idea that we'll lead him to the cheru8, 8ecause we're looking for her too. Which we're o8viously not.
VRISKA: There's some manipul8tion involved.
VRISKA: That's a pretty good question. Have to admit, I don't have everything quite figured out yet.
VRISKA: Shhhhhhh! I'm still talking!
VRISKA: Nice sentence, genius! Anyway, like I was saying........
VRISKA: I'm hoping my exploits can spread throughout the ring 8y word of mouth. Tales of my legend, you know?
VRISKA: Then once he catches on, he'll come looking for us, and then presuma8ly go apeshit with his rain8ow laser 8reath. Metaphysical cataclysm ensues.
VRISKA: Oh, shut up.
VRISKA: I said it's a work in progress!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: We might need to make a 8igger spectacle of ourselves somehow. Get more people involved. I don't know.
VRISKA: It does seems like he's more drawn toward gr8ter concentr8tions of ghosts.
VRISKA: There's still plenty of time to figure it out. That's one thing a8out 8eing dead. There's always more time.
VRISKA: Plus, needless to say, lady luck will ALWAYS 8e on our side! ::::)
VRISKA: You think so?
VRISKA: Aw, you guys. You're making me 8lush.
VRISKA: Don't mind him, John. He's just 8eing weird and tooly again.
VRISKA: It was nice to see you and catch up like this. If we don't meet in another dream soon, don't worry.
VRISKA: I have a feeling we'll 8e crossing paths again 8efore this is all over!
Vriska: Oh, I see. It's the Peixes wanna8e. So you're the one raising this army. That's hilarious.
Vriska: Sorry, I can't join your dum8 army. I'm 8usy pursuing a much more intelligent strategy.
Vriska: Not gonna happen!!!!!!!! I am however looking for a large num8er of recruits to follow me on my treasure hunting expedition.
Vriska: I need an enormous mo8 of ghosts following me around to get that asshole's attention, so he can wreck more empty space and help me find the treasure! You want in?
Vriska: Haha! Wow, I had no idea the Peixes twin was such a riot! At least, I HOPE you were trying to 8e funny with that remark.
Vriska: John! Tavros! Stop goofing off over there and come get a load of this chick!!!!!!!!
Vriska: Oh no. You did NOT just fork-vanish my alt universe ex 8oyfriend. No you DIDN'T!!!!!!!!
Vriska: Who do you think you are? Some sort of 8ad girl? Please, that's o8viously my turf.
Vriska: 8ut you clearly want to rum8le, so who am I to deny you the 8eatdown you're angling for?
Vriska: Yeah, uh, I don't really DO puns? Mainly 8ecause I'm not a lame wiggler.
Vriska: Anyway you sure like to wave that trident around while running your mouth. I wonder if you had any intention of engaging in any actual com8at?
Vriska: Guess it's up to me to get this party started, as usual. Watch and learn!!!!!!!!
Vriska: Your move, punk! :::;)
Vriska: Wow, unreal. What a prima donna! Tavros, can you believe this girl?
Vriska: Hey, what are you doing? Stop fidgeting around? Are you looking for something?
Vriska: Uh........
Vriska: ::::|
Vriska: ????????
Vriska: Oh my god. Will you stop????????
Vriska: You don't like your gear, just do what I do. Take it to the next level! Check it.
Vriska: Hey there, dorky teen Marquise! Nice of you to join us.
Vriska: Your friend seems to think she's the only one who can call for 8ackup.
Vriska: As if I don't have god tier pals w8ting in the wings too!
Vriska: Nothing, Megido. Just a run of the mill afterlife smackdown. You're on my team.
Vriska: God dammit, Aradia.
Vriska: YEAH!!!!!!!!
Vriska: Right on! I knew I could count on you crazy metal 8roads for some mayhem.
Vriska: Yeah! Nepeta, 8ack in line. You people need to start taking this 8rawl more seriously.
Vriska: Hell yes! On this team I have a MAJOR need for expenda8le people.
Vriska: Are you fuckers deaf???????? This 8n't a party!
Vriska: Tavros, stop crawling around under everyone's feet! You're 8eing so weird.
Vriska: Hey, sketchier Ampora! If you touch him again, I will fucking kill you!
Vriska: At least as much. Probably a lot more.
Vriska: I know. It's getting pretty awkward.
Vriska: Agreed.
Vriska: I couldn't agree more! Making him think we're all looking for the cheru8 is a very important part of the plan! I guess gr8 minds think alike.
Vriska: All the 8etter then. That'll really help sell the ruse.
Vriska: I will agree to those terms. This is going to be almost too easy.
VRISKA: Hey, it's John!
VRISKA: Yeah! Get over here!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Nice to see you again, John. It's 8een too long.
VRISKA: A year for you, may8e. Who even knows how long it's 8een out here, 8ut who cares.
VRISKA: The point is, as you can see the plan I descri8ed to you 8efore is in full swing.
VRISKA: Yes. 8ut they aren't 8lack anymore! Not totally.
VRISKA: Everything's gone exactly as I intended. English has taken the 88, hook line and sinker.
VRISKA: He's 8een chasing our "extended party" around the ring, 8lowing shit up with his monster 8reath, thus revealing the path to the treasure in the process.
VRISKA: I must say, for an evil mastermind, the guy is kind of a dope.
VRISKA: Supposedly his every move is a carefully calcul8ted ploy to assure his existence in the first place, yet here he is wrecking the joint like an oaf, unwittingly helping the hero find the weapon that will finally take him down.
VRISKA: And we're almost there, too! Although 8y now it's 8ecome em8arrassingly o8vious that the treasure was hidden right around where we started all along.
VRISKA: These maps have just 8een leading us all in a 8ig stupid circle!
VRISKA: I should have seen it coming. I guess that's my 8ad. In terms of 8onehead moves, that's English: 1, Vriska: 1, so I guess we're even. 8ut may8e we don't have to mention that detail when we document my heroism in the annals of gr8tness.
VRISKA: Exactly!
VRISKA: Haha, I almost forgot how deceptively quick you are on the uptake, John.
VRISKA: Tavros, if you're going to interrupt, don't mum8le. And even then, don't.
VRISKA: Anyway, I really don't mind the fact that these cryptic treasure maps have led us all on a wild honk8ird chase.
VRISKA: I've never once complained a8out a good long treasure hunt, and I'm not a8out to start now.
VRISKA: 8esides, with the way spacetime works out here, who can say for sure we would 8e a8le to find the treasure at all unless we traced this exact path?
VRISKA: No8ody can say that, is who. Least of all English, who as far as I know, can't actually speak so much as issue 8lood curdling roars that cleave the found8tions of reality itself.
VRISKA: You're of course welcome to join us on our adventure, for as long as you're asleep.
VRISKA: We could use another hand on deck. I'll even give you a rank and title!
VRISKA: Wrong.
VRISKA: Tavros, who's the captain here?
VRISKA: Last time I checked, it wasn't Swa88y Nitram, Poopmaster Extraordinaire.
VRISKA: We all look amazing as pir8tes.
VRISKA: This is non-negotia8le.
VRISKA: These are my friends, Aradia and Sollux.
VRISKA: I have recruited them for this expedition as specialists.
VRISKA: They aren't really here to do any fighting. 8ut their a8ilities will 8ecome useful once we retrieve the treasure.
VRISKA: Yeah, and apparently she intends to stay that way?
VRISKA: Hence her principled if somewhat lame commitment to pacifism.
VRISKA: 8ut considering our history together, I'm willing to let 8ygones 8e 8ygones. I'm happy to have her on my crew in whatever capacity she likes.
VRISKA: Hey!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: What did I say a8out 8ygones 8eing 8ygones? That's like rule fucking ONE of this ship.
VRISKA: Anyway, she 8ecame a ro8ot and killed me 8ack, so o8viously we're cool now.
VRISKA: Yeah! Man, those were the days.
VRISKA: It's really kind of a shame Gamzee prototyped Eridan's torso parts and swiped his ghost from the afterlife.
VRISKA: I 8et he would have had a gr8 time on this voyage. I used to own him during our nautical campaigns all the time!
VRISKA: Gimme a 8r8k, Sollux. As if you don't view them the exact same way.
VRISKA: You've got real Eridan, and then pretty much a whole 8unch of pretenders out there.
VRISKA: See? You just called them copies. Even you can't avoid accidentally using a pro8lematic slur which reveals that no matter what you 8elieve a8out your morals, deep down you're always gonna favor the original, while viewing all the others as duplic8tes of lesser value.
VRISKA: Oh pleeeeeeeease. I hardly think I'm a 8ad person for failing to give a shit a8out a 8illion meaningless dead Nepetas, do you?!
VRISKA: What am I seriously supposed to do? Fly around and 8efriend each one individually?
VRISKA: Sorry, I have 8etter things to do with my time. Let's try to 8e at least somewhat practical here.
VRISKA: Oh shut up.
VRISKA: Of course!
VRISKA: That's my army.
VRISKA: Ok, I mean OUR army.
VRISKA: 8ut like, on 8oats.
VRISKA: John, help me out. I seem to 8e having trou8le remem8ering which one of us is the captain.
VRISKA: Was it the dork in 8lue pajamas, or was it the veteran sailor in the rad captain's coat?
VRISKA: That's right, the captain was me! And I say it's an army that happens to 8e on a 8unch of 8oats.
VRISKA: Thousands of ghosts. Primarily those of old friends and acquaintances.
VRISKA: We've amassed a coalition of eager volunteers ready to lay down their ghost lives for a worthy cause.
VRISKA: When we're ready for that, yes. 8ut we need the treasure first.
VRISKA: So for now they're sailing well ahead of us in large num8ers to attract his attention, so he can do more damage to the ring and fill out the rest of our maps.
VRISKA: We should 8e very gr8teful for their 8ravery. They are making a no8le sacrifice for us all.
VRISKA: God DAMMIT, Tavros.
VRISKA: We really don't need your play 8y play commentary on everything!
VRISKA: No!
VRISKA: Well, not all of them.
VRISKA: Once you group enough together, others tend to latch on to the mo8 out of curiosity. We trolls have a way of clustering together naturally.
VRISKA: You've got to understand, John. Most of these people are pretty self a8sor8ed. They just needed a little 8it of persuasion to join the cause.
VRISKA: 8ut all these stu88orn jackasses are going to dou8le die anyway if we don't all work together and kill this guy!
VRISKA: This is WAR, John. In times of war, difficult decisions have to 8e made with the lives of many.
VRISKA: Just think of me as a general giving orders to my troops. It just happens that the orders are a little more direct in this case.
VRISKA: Yeah yeah.
VRISKA: All hail Her Imperious Teen Condescension, the fresh new face of tyranny, Supreme Admiral Peixes.
VRISKA: At this time I would like to motion for a fifteen minute 8owing 8r8k so that we may demonstr8te our reverence for this 8old, spunky leader.
VRISKA: Tavros, stop 8owing. That was a joke.
VRISKA: Well, I do have a little help.
VRISKA: John, did I mention?
VRISKA: My ancestor........
VRISKA: She is THE 8EST.
VRISKA: See what I mean??
VRISKA: The 8est.
VRISKA: Well put, Marquise. I've always felt the exact same way!
VRISKA: No, John. It's definitely pretty weird that ghosts have to pee.
VRISKA: You get used to life as a ghost pretty fast, though.
VRISKA: Yeah. That's why you get used to it pretty fast, dummy!
VRISKA: WOW, WHAT A STORY!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: WASN'T THAT STORY GR8 EVERYONE?
VRISKA: WOW!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Hell yeah!
VRISKA: Oh my god. That leprechaun stuff? Soooooooo good.
VRISKA: Right guys?
VRISKA: Mindfang, have I told you how gr8 it's 8een to get to know each other, and team up on adventures and stuff?
VRISKA: I really feel like you've helped me get in touch with my ancestral roots. Mainly as a kickass storyteller.
VRISKA: It was like this whole part of my personality I was never aware of. Like the part that's compelled to just outright explain tons of really interesting things to people, while sparing no detail whatsoever.
VRISKA: It's made me feel a lot closer to understanding my aspect, as well as closer to you. So I just wanted to say, thanks!
VRISKA: Haha, stop! You're going to make me start tearing up.
VRISKA: Get over here and give me a hug, alpha sister.
VRISKA: Hey guys! Stop dragging your feet 8ack there! You're falling so far 8ehind, you're starting to look tiny and ridiculous from here.
VRISKA: The treasure should 8e 8uried just up ahead. Let's pick up the pace!
VRISKA: Sollux, will you just let Aranea heal your eyes already and catch the fuck up?
VRISKA: Are you coming or what!
VRISKA: W8 a minute........
VRISKA: Mindfang, I said shut up.
VRISKA: W8.
VRISKA: Now w8 just a goddamn minute.
VRISKA: Hoooooooold on.
VRISKA: Are you telling me,
VRISKA: Are you SERIOUSLY telling me,
VRISKA: That ring........
VRISKA: No.
VRISKA: Just........
VRISKA: Noooooooo.
VRISKA: 8ack it up.
VRISKA: For just a silk spinning MINUTE.
VRISKA: THAT FUCKING GUY!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Are you kidding me.
VRISKA: ARE YOU KIDDING ME.
VRISKA: RAAAAAAAARARRAAUUUUUUUUAAAAUUAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!
VRISKA: Tavros!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: What did you do with that ring?!
VRISKA: Don't play dum8 with me. That ring you had.
VRISKA: You know, the same one the orange guy tried to give me?
VRISKA: You actually think I'm making this up? Why would I make up a story a8out an orange guy?!
VRISKA: What kind of juvenile fuckup do you take me for????????
VRISKA: The orange guy was real. He was surrounded 8y a 8unch of stupid fucking horses, and he tried to give me a ring so I knocked him out cold.
VRISKA: And then l8ter YOU found it.
VRISKA: Yes you did! Don't lie to me.
VRISKA: You had the ring, and you and John were fighting over it 8ehind your 8acks like a couple of idiots for a while.
VRISKA: What, you think I didn't notice?!
VRISKA: Well I did! And I didn't care 8ecause I didn't think the ring did jack shit!
VRISKA: 8ut now that I know it does jack A WHOLE FUCKING LOT, I would like you to stop 8ehaving like a disingenuous, argument8tive ASSH8LE and T8LL ME WHERE IT IS.
VRISKA: What do you mean it's gone!
VRISKA: Why was it precious to you?? Are you telling me you knew what it did!
VRISKA: Well whatever lame reason you wanted that ring, forget it. It's o8viously a much more important magical item than either of us gave it credit for.
VRISKA: As soon as we get the treasure out of this cave, you're going to lead us 8ack to wherever you lost it, and we're gonna look for it!
VRISKA: Is that understood, Poopmaster Nitram????????
VRISKA: What do you mean no? That was an order!
VRISKA: Tavros, what exactly are you trying to say?
VRISKA: Where do you think you're going?!
VRISKA: Get 8ack here! You c8n't just fly aw8y from me like th8t!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: S8LF ESTEEMS MY 8SS! I SAID G8T 8ACK HERE!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: IF YOU GO OUT THERE AL8NE YOU'RE G8ING TO DIE, Y8U P8THETIC PI8CE OF SHIT!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: WE CAN ALL HEAR YOU WH8SPERING FROM D8WN HERE SHIT F8R 8RAINS!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: What?? No, Sollux, w8!
VRISKA: WHAT!
VRISKA: No they f8cking won't!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: I d8dn't hear them say shit!
VRISKA: YOU'RE BLIND, H8W COULD YOU SEE A "ME8NINGFUL GLANCE"????????
VRISKA: No, they can't go! Commodore Nepeta and Rear Admiral Feferi are 8oth critical mem8ers of my crew!
VRISKA: This is mutiny!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: Excuse me?!
VRISKA: No they don't! Come on, I just gave them titles that sounded cool!
VRISKA: How can you outrank a captain????????
VRISKA: A commodore outranks a captain?!
VRISKA: No, 8ut!
VRISKA: I thought a rear admiral was like...
VRISKA: Some sort of JOKE rank!
VRISKA: Who can take a rear admiral seriously? It might as well 8e a poopmaster!
VRISKA: GOOD RIDD8NCE YOU 8ACKSTA88ING INGR8TES!
VRISKA: I HOPE LORD ENGLISH E8TS YOU 8LL!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: WH8T!
VRISKA: What a8out it!
VRISKA: You do??
VRISKA: Where! Let me see!!
VRISKA: You were wearing it??
VRISKA: Why? And why were you playing keepaway with it in the first place!
VRISKA: I mean, aside from the o8vious fact that messing with Tavros is its own hilarious reward.
VRISKA: This is perfect!
VRISKA: That means all you have to do is put it on when you wake up, then come find me the next time you go to sleep!
VRISKA: May8e?
VRISKA: You'll THINK a8out it??
VRISKA: Right! All the 8etter reason to let me use it!
VRISKA: W8. You're not ACTUALLY thinking of giving it to someone else, are you?
VRISKA: That's my ring! The orange guy gave it to ME!
VRISKA: John, w8!
VRISKA: I hope we're not parting on 8ad terms here.
VRISKA: You aren't holding all this treasure hunting shit against me like Tavros is, right?
VRISKA: We're still cool, right John?
VRISKA: If you have to leave, I get that, 8ut I really want us to stay friends!
VRISKA: I always felt like we had a special 8ond, John. Like we're 8oth always in the position of having to take charge as leaders, even if we never asked for that responsi8ility.
VRISKA: And I don't wanna pressure you into anything, 8ut I would really appreci8 it if you'd at least think a8out me next time you take a nap with that ring on!
VRISKA: Even if they're what?
VRISKA: Honestly what?
VRISKA: Fine.
VRISKA: Don't give me the ring then.
VRISKA: Actually, you know what? Even if you change your mind some day, forget it!
VRISKA: I don't even want it anymore.
VRISKA: No.
VRISKA: I've 8een dead this long. What's a little longer.
VRISKA: Keep your ring. I don't want anyone's pity.
VRISKA: So 8eat it, Eg8ert.
VRISKA: ........
VRISKA: WELL????????
VRISKA: JOHN, I THOUGHT YOU WERE LEAVING.
VRISKA: WHAT ARE YOU A FUCKING IDIOT?! DON'T GO YET.
VRISKA: Look, you made yourself perfectly clear. You think I'm a heartless monster, and you don't want to help me out.
VRISKA: Whatever!
VRISKA: 8ut are you SERIOUSLY going to check out of this dream like TWO MINUTES 8efore you see what the treasure is?!
VRISKA: Holy crap, dude. Where is your sense of curiosity????????
VRISKA: If I can manage to put up with you for a little longer, I think you can stand my morally 8ankrupt company long enough to find out what this thing is.
VRISKA: Why am I the only person in paradox space who actually THINKS!
VRISKA: Good.
VRISKA: Party's over, folks.
VRISKA: The pir8 playtime wiggler jam8oree was fun while it lasted.
VRISKA: 8ut it's time to get serious.
VRISKA: The treasure's down there.
VRISKA: If my guess is right, it should 8e 8uried in one of his ancient memories.
VRISKA: 8y now we've all 8een wind8agged to hell and 8ack 8y my dear ancestor.
VRISKA: So I'll trust no8ody's gonna mind indulging one of MY stories.
VRISKA: There was a pretty good yarn a8out this treasure I read once during our travels.
VRISKA: Found it in some damn memory, who knows whose.
VRISKA: It was a good read. IMPECCA8LE prose. Failing to do it justice would be the real matter of gray morality here, if you ask me.
VRISKA: 8ut right now I 8n't in the mood to figure out how not to make it fucking suck.
VRISKA: So I'll just say this.
VRISKA: It was supposedly a weapon that once 8elonged to him.
VRISKA: 8ut he could never use it without altering its nature.
VRISKA: Meaning he could only use it once.
VRISKA: So he did.
VRISKA: After that, it could only 8e used again one more time.
VRISKA: And only as a weapon against him.
VRISKA: Knowing it was one of the keys to his defeat, he had it locked away deep in the void.
VRISKA: That's it. Part one of my story. Hold your applause.
VRISKA: Guess we'll find out if that's true.
VRISKA: Or if it turns out all my despica8le shit was in vain.
VRISKA: Not that it would even matter to some people.
VRISKA: You know, they can say whatever they want a8out me.
VRISKA: 8ut somewhere out there is a shimmering new universe growing in a 8ig 8all of water.
VRISKA: He's looking hells of majestic. Amphi8ious and resplendent. His glorious croak would 8ring you to your knees.
VRISKA: That universe is going to give life to 8illions of trillions of zillions of cute little aliens.
VRISKA: You wouldn't even 8elieve how pretty and wonderful and happy all these aliens will 8e. It's making your lip trem8le just thinking a8out them, and how worth saving they are. Wow.
VRISKA: You could walk up to one of those aliens and put your hand on its innocent shoulder, and with a str8 face you could say, "Sorry to 8r8k it to you. 8ut tomorrow, a guy named Lord English is going to destroy your universe. You are all going to die."
VRISKA: And when that alien looks up at you with tears in its eyes, just 8efore the first one rolls down its weird alien cheek, you lean in close to its a8surd alien ear and whisper, "Psyche."
VRISKA: That's 8ecause you know a long time ago, in an o8scure pocket of reality the alien could never understand or give a shit a8out, some crazy girl sacrificed the "lives" of a 8unch ghosts in order to kill that guy forever.
VRISKA: They were already a million sweeps past their prime, existing on 8orrowed time, luxuri8ting in a kind of 8izarre metaphysical longevity few others will ever enjoy.
VRISKA: Just a fresh 8atch of 88 the squid gods kept on ice for an ins8tia8le fisherman cause they were sick of 8eing hunted themselves.
VRISKA: Those ghosts were all that stood in the way of an end to this eternal holocaust, and sparing their souls 8n't different in my view from personally committing atrocities on a cosmic fucking scale.
VRISKA: I only ever wanted to do the right thing no matter how it made people judge me, and I don't need a magic ring to do that.
VRISKA: You don't have to 8e alive to make yourself relevant.
VRISKA: And you don't have to 8e a good person to 8e a hero.
VRISKA: You just have to know who you are and stay true to that.
VRISKA: So I'm going to keep fighting for people the only way I ever knew how.
VRISKA: 8y 8eing me.
VRISKA: Will you guys hurry up??
VRISKA: This is seriously some of the most half assed treasure hunting I've ever seen.
VRISKA: Yeah!
VRISKA: Yes, that was going to 8e part two of my story.
VRISKA: Which starts right now!
VRISKA: This thing is some sort of juju.
VRISKA: As I'm sure you know 8y now, jujus are magic items that can do all sorts of things. 8end time and space, trap souls inside them, stuff like that.
VRISKA: The more potent jujus tend to 8e pretty versatile. I dou8t even he knew the full extent of its powers.
VRISKA: He supposedly got this thing as a 8oon for slaying a very powerful denizen. As if the guy even needed any more sick endgame rewards.
VRISKA: That's all I'm gonna say for the moment, since I'm sure everyone is dying to see it 8y now.
VRISKA: Only a complete asshole would make us w8 any longer to get a look at this thing.
VRISKA: OHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: OH FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
VRISKA: WE'RE G8ING TO LOOK AT WH8T'S IN THIS CH8ST RIGHT N8W!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: DO YOU HE8R ME Y8U F8CK?
VRISKA: I D8DN'T SCRAPE AND CLAW MY W8Y 8ACK TO RELEV8NCE F8R THIS SHIT!
VRISKA: I'M DOING S8METHING F8CKING IMPORTANT! AND WHEN I DO SOMETH8NG FUCKING IMPORT8NT, EVERY88DY 8ETTER D8MN WELL PAY ATT8NTION TO ME!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: YOU DON'T TH8NK I'M ON TO YOU 8Y NOW? AS IF I C8N'T SENSE WH8N SOME SORT OF 8ULLFUCKERY IS AFOOT????????
VRISKA: YOU DON'T THINK 8'M WISE TO YO8R FUCKING G8MES????????
VRISKA: GO AHEAD! TRY AND FUCK W8TH US SOME M8RE!
VRISKA: MAKE MY D8Y YOU PI8CE OF SHIT!
VRISKA: EVERYONE HERE WANTS TO KNOW WH8T'S IN THIS CHEST, SO THAT'S EX8CTLY WHAT THEY'RE GONNA SEE!
VRISKA: THERE'S PRO8A8LY SOME IDEAL WAY FOR ME TO REVEAL THIS THING TO M8KE IT SEEM AS COOL AS POSSI8LE, 8UT Y8U KNOW WHAT!
VRISKA: I DON'T GIVE A F8CK!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: I'M JUST G8NNA DUMP IT OUT ON THE FLOOR RIGHT HERE AND NOW!
VRISKA: THERE!
VRISKA: FUCKING TH8RE!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: TAAAAAAAA DAAAAAAAA!
VRISKA: W8W WILL YOU LOOK AT TH8T!
VRISKA: IT'S THE FUCK8NG TREASURE!
VRISKA: LOOKS LIKE SOME K8ND OF HUMAN HOUSE SHAPED THING! H8LY SHIT, DIDN'T SEE THAT C8MING!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: NOW EVERYONE HOLD YOUR FUCKING H8RSES WHILE I ARTLESSLY EXPLAIN SOME MORE SHIT A8OUT IT!
VRISKA: WOOOOOOOO! HERE FUCKING G8ES!
VRISKA: AFTER THE GUY USED IT THAT ONE TIME, IT 8ECAME TOTALLY INTANGI8LE! SO WE CAN'T TOUCH IT OR PICK IT UP!
VRISKA: THAT'S WHY WE 8ROUGHT ARADIA ALONG! SO SHE CAN MAKE IT LEVIT8 OR WHATEVER!
VRISKA: IF WE 8RING IT NEAR HIM IT'S SUPPOSED TO ACTIV8 AGAIN OR SOMETHING! THAT'S HOW YOU USE IT AS A WEAPON I GUESS!
VRISKA: 8UT THAT'S ALL I KNOW!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: THERE! YOU LIKE TH8T YOU FUCK?
VRISKA: DO YOU LIKE HOW I JUST TOOK THE FUCKING PISS OUT OF TH8T COOL MYSTERIOUS TREASURE! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
VRISKA: DO YOU LIKE GETTING OWNED????????
VRISKA: 8ECAUSE THAT'S WHAT YOU JUST GOT! OWNED!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: SO WHY DON'T YOU SUCK IT!
VRISKA: SUUUUUUUUCK........
VRISKA: IIIIIIIIT!!!!!!!!
VRISKA: *Huff puff.*
VRISKA: Yes.
VRISKA: Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's what intangi8le means!
VRISKA: I dunno if I would do that if I were you.
VRISKA: It's not just a8out you, John.
VRISKA: This is a very powerful juju. You'd 8e messing with some forces we don't fully understand.
VRISKA: Oh my god.
VRISKA: Alright, whatever. I'll 8e fucked if suddenly I'm gonna 8e the lone voice of prudence and sound judgment in our 8adass pir8 clu8.
VRISKA: If you really wanna plunge your fist through some sort of hole in reality, then 8e my guest!
VRISKA: John, will you get your hand out of there?
VRISKA: You're vaguely fucking shit up in some totally am8iguous way.
VRISKA: John!!!!!!!!
