AH: who were you expecting.... the easter bunny?
HUSSIE: Will...
HUSSIE: You...
HUSSIE: Marry Me?
HUSSIE: <3
Yes?
No way!
Then who would describe what you're thinking and feeling?
But your thoughts are shitty!
You should be grateful to have someone to spice them up for you.
I don't live inside this thing, you idiot.
This is just sort of like a radio tower. It receives and transmits signals.
That's kind of obvious?
Gamzee could have told you a lot of stuff.
I can't believe you shot him like that. What's the matter with you?
He was literally the first living being you ever met in your whole life, and you gun him down without a single word?
You've got some problems.
He was a huge fan of yours and was really looking forward to meeting you.
He wanted to help you with your quest.
Yet you want me to tell you what's going on?
Nah.
What?
What's the matter with it?
No it's not.
It's locked.
You need a key to unlock it.
You need keys to unlock a whole bunch of features on this tower.
How should I know???
Why should I tell you everything?
Find your own fucking keys. It's your quest, remember?
I don't understand the problem.
No, I got that. But caps lock should make it easier.
You do realize when caps lock is on, you can hold down shift to make letters lower case, right?
A training key?
Ok, got it. Really great theories there.
So... how do you usually type then?
Hang on. Are you saying you hold down shift with one hand, while hunting and pecking for all the letters with the other?
And whenever you type a 'u' you just let go of shift??
Wow.
How old were you again?
Yeah.
I know.
Aw, looks like someone just took his first big step toward growing up!
Win what? I was the one advocating the use of caps lock in the first place, doofus.
You're right. I do think I'm funny sometimes. Maybe I'm wrong though.
We all have our flaws to overcome. I do my best, just like you.
Think of all you've done in spite of your learning problems. You don't let your disability hold you back, do you?
You won that game of chess with that stupid gambit. Switching the hats, remember? It was a lame ploy, and totally not in the spirit of the rules, but it got under her skin enough to force a loss anyway.
You also hired Jack to murder your sister. Which was a dick move, but reasonably clever.
Well, they weren't great so much as terrible. But the point is you can accomplish anything if you put your mind to it.
Just because you struggle with learning doesn't mean you can't realize your destiny. You just have to work a little harder at it.
And if you're dealt a lousy hand - and you definitely were with this shitty solo session - then you have to work even harder.
I know you will.
You are going to prove all the haters wrong, exceed your own limitations by miles, and accomplish more than you ever dreamed possible.
Yours is quite an inspiring story, actually. It's just a shame that all of your accomplishments will be so horrible.
But that's really beside the point.
No, I don't give a shit about making you feel better about yourself.
I'm not your guardian or your sprite or your exile or your fucking life coach. I'm just saying some things that are true through the narrative prompt.
Take the facts or leave them!
You may be destined for bigger things, but you're still an atrocious, stupid child.
And you may have won the "game" with your sister, but that doesn't mean it was the best thing for your development as a person.
You had her dream self killed, which is not an opportunity your species typically gets. So she died prematurely, instead of allowing the conflict within you to settle itself naturally.
In short, you forced your predomination to happen a little too early, and now you're stuck.
Yes. Your personality is stuck in some sort of cantankerous prepubescent limbo. You are going to be a stunted, miserable tool forever.
It's kind of sad. You don't really know anything about your own species, do you?
Uh, yeah?
Pretty much everything.
No.
What?
You are?
Well, here's a hint. You're the one typing in capital letters.
You're also the one typing in surly, brief, stilted sounding phrases.
What does that even mean, "thinking in colors?"
Well, if you want to change your text color, you can if you turn on some of these monitors.
This thing is like a needlessly complicated desktop computer, really.
Made of a radio tower tree of old CRT monitors, rooted in a big transformer.
It needs a power though.
See that loose plug there?
Plug it into something.
I dunno. Not my problem.
This is your quest.
In quests, there are challenges.
Challenges which must be overcome by your tiny, learningly-disabled brain.
What you really need is a guide.
A mentor, of sorts.
Too bad you shot that clown.
Sorry to disappoint you.
He's not dead.
What did you expect? He's clearly a god tier.
Haven't you ever seen a god tier before?
You do know what that is, right?
Then you know he's immortal, and can only die under very specific circumstances.
Guess there's no point in trying to kill him!
Hmm.
Yeah. I guess they did.
So?
Oh please. Paranoid much??
Why would anyone go to that kind of trouble? What would be the point?
He would have to be such a jackass to do that.
If you don't believe me, just see for yourself.
You made the rookie mistake of turning your back on the body.
See? Fit as a fiddle. Barely a scratch on him!
Just please don't shoot him again, ok?
Yeah, I know what I said.
Alright, maybe he's not god tier. Who can really say for sure?
Just try giving the machine gun a rest for a while. He really wants to help you!
He's a hilarious, rascally clown!
You know how it is with clowns.
They are notoriously difficult to kill for reasons that basically don't make any sense.
I'm personally not aware of a single timeline in which this codpiece packing moron dies.
It means you can't keep down the clown.
Say it with me.
"You can't keep down the clown."
SAY IT!
"You can't..."
It means crazy clowns just won't die for some reason. In adventures such as yours, they tend to linger long past their welcome.
They linger and linger and linger, and just when you think you're totally fed up with their bullshit and you can't take another second of it, they just linger some more.
And you never know what they're up to, and they're always scheming in the shadows, and it's quite possible that whatever master plan they're hatching just doesn't make the slightest bit of sense at all.
But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how stupid the clown's schemes are, or how sick of him everybody is.
He just. Won't. Die.
Granted!
But come on. Just let it slide this one time? Please?
Just no more shooting. You can slap him around if you want. That's fine. But shooting is off limits.
Because you can't kill him! He's the most important character in...
Well, ok. Maybe not the MOST important.
But he's still really important!
No way!
Ok, shhhh! Shh. He's approaching you.
Come on man, be cool. Let's just see how this plays out.
It looks like he's got a present for you! Ooh, I wonder what it could be...
You mother fucker.
Yeah.
Want to know why?
BECAUSE HE'S A FUCKING CLOWN.
Why do you have to be like this?
Why can't you just be down with the clown?
What. You don't like it?
Well, whenever you shoot the clown, I play the elevator music.
That's the deal.
Either shoot the clown and face the music, or put on your fucking big boy suspenders and stop trying to murder him.
Just plug the thing in the goddamn box already.
Now all the monitors have power.
Each one is set to a different channel. But they won't display anything unless they're unlocked.
You unlock them by finding the right keys and using them on that little model of the radio tower next to you.
One of them is unlocked for you already. Can you see it up there?
Whatever you say, weirdo.
Anyway, it's like I said. This is a glorified computer. If you want to change your text color, you can sample some pixels from the display.
Were you?
Ok.
Then let's consider this a serendipitous facilitation of all your most juvenile typing fantasies.
Let nobody henceforth mistake you for a guy who isn't trying as hard as he can to type like a cold blooded motherfucker.
Great. Now grab that mouse there and pick a new color.
It's a wireless mouse.
Yeah, trackballs are pretty terrible. Can't argue there.
I really don't envy your situation.
Well, maybe that's why it's a wireless mouse?
So you can pick it up and walk around the tower, and use it on whichever monitor you want.
Pardon?
Probably because it's welded to the counter.
Yes.
That's a hell of a question.
I dunno.
Someone who thought it would be funny watching you struggle with a shitty trackball mouse welded to a counter?
Maybe.
You already did.
It's true. It already happened in like the quasi-future.
For someone who's supposed to be a Lord of Time, you really kind of suck at thinking 4th dimensionally.
Let alone 5th dimensionally.
You've got a long way to go, kid.
Yeah. The environment is pretty grim up there.
Skaia doesn't provide very good lighting when it's all clouded over like that.
Just bump up the brightness on the display.
That looks better.
Wait, let me check.
Ok, yeah. #2ed73a. That's correct.
That's the hex code for the color.
It's the numerical representation of the color in hexadecimal format.
So I was just double checking to make sure it was right.
It was right.
But Caliborn.
How do you expect to kill me...
When I am already dead!
Hahahahahaha, oh man.
I don't know.
Maybe it's a miracle?
Oh no. He's serious everybody. Look out.
He's about to throw the tweeniest, brattiest tantrum his little green exoskeleton can muster.
If you pitch a fit in your little bow tie and suspenders, it will probably be so adorable that I might just drop dead anyway.
Or my ghost will.
No really, go ahead. Flutter your eyelashes at me. Make it as grumpy as possible.
Kawaii me to double death bro!
Wait! Shhh, settle down. Something important is happening.
The clown! He wants to give you another present.
But seriously, this present is really important.
Just turn around and receive it graciously from your new mentor.
And remember. No more clown shootings, or I play the music again.
What does it look like?
It's a magic crowbar.
I'm not sure.
I know a lot of things. But I don't always understand his motivation for doing the stupid things he does.
I just don't.
Like one time? He sold a girl some potions. I have no idea why he did that.
Yes potions.
He also threw some corpses into a sprite to revive them, and fused their identities to create a disturbing freak of nature.
I'm still not really sure why he did that. Probably just to fuck with everybody.
It doesn't matter what corpses. Just some corpses, ok?
The point is, he probably didn't even have any reason for doing it. He was just being weird and capricious.
But that doesn't mean it didn't end up serving an important purpose anyway.
After the fused corpse sprite exploded, both of their ghosts got fed up and decided to start working together.
And now they're doing some important stuff in the afterlife. But I kind of doubt this clown had any idea that would happen.
Or maybe he did? Who really knows with clowns.
What about it?
It is important.
But I don't know if HE knows that.
Maybe he heard you bitching about the wireless mouse being welded to the counter, and he's giving you something to pry it off with?
But that's not why it's important.
You know how at the start of an adventure, you find some seemingly trivial thing that turns out to be important later?
But at the time you have no idea why or how it'll turn out to be important?
It's like that.
It explains everything.
I'm not telling.
No.
Just take the damn crowbar.
Really?
Wait, what are you...
Hey! Stop that.
What did I say??
That's true.
Ok. I'll allow this.
I stopped allowing it.
I just want you to be friends with him, and stop beating him into a coma with a crowbar. Or riddling his sad floppy body with full metal jackets.
Although I will admit it is hilarious every time that happens.
No don't!
Cut that out!
You're going to cause huge problems for everybody if you keep that up.
Mostly for yourself!
How?
You brat. I'm not telling you shit!
Ok fine!
I'll tell you some stuff. Just quit it.
Thank you.
Now what exactly would you like to know?
Everything is a lot.
Care to narrow it down a little?
That's not how adventures work though.
You don't just make some omniscient narrator inside a computer tell you everything all at once.
There's like this whole process to it. You reveal certain things at the right time, depending on whether the hero has met certain requirements and is ready to learn those things.
What you learn and what I tell you is more up to you than it is to me.
Aren't you excited about your adventure? About being unchained for the first time ever, and getting to explore this mysterious place, and meeting people and solving puzzles that will lead to the realization of who you were meant to be, and how you fit into this epic?
You'll definitely get to do that later.
Not long from now.
That's up to you. There are puzzles to solve all over your planet. Your mentor can help.
The sooner you do that, the sooner the fun will begin.
Why don't we narrow the scope of the Q&A then?
Try asking very specific questions, and I'll decide if it would be appropriate to answer at this time.
The Medium. You are in your game session.
It was called Earth.
Yes.
Weren't all the Statues of Liberty a dead giveaway?
If you see one or more shitty old Statues of Liberty on any post-apocalyptic wasteland planet, that automatically means it was Earth all along, as a rule.
Then when you realize that, you're supposed to have a mental breakdown.
It's the place humans are from. But that was a very long time ago, with respect to the planet's current age.
Earth has been through a lot. It was even relocated a couple times.
Yes. But it was relocated once even before that.
It was moved from its native solar system, where it circled around a little yellow sun.
Then it founds its way to a new system, around your big red sun. It stayed there for a good while, until your sun started dying.
Its universe was about to explode. So its proprietor closed up shop and got it the hell out of there.
That's not important for you to know. Suffice to say, planets just have a way of scooting around in this adventure.
Cause your kernelsprite turned into a black hole and sucked it into your session?
You do.
You just have to unlock it.
That is when your real quest will begin.
You know. Finding keys. Solving problems.
All the potential for extraordinary achievements in your quest must be unlocked first.
We've been over this.
I don't know.
Why would I know that? You think I'm like an encyclopedia on key locations??
I got better things to think about than where all your stupid keys are.
Find them yourself. Better hop to it!
No. More like a big door.
Kind of.
If there's any treasure in there, it would be guarded by your denizen.
A powerful monster that rules your planet, asleep in the core.
He appeared there the moment Earth got sucked into your session.
Yes.
He is the deadliest, most challenging denizen of all.
He very rarely appears in game sessions, and is usually designated for the most naturally gifted warriors.
His name is Yaldabaoth.
Sort of.
You can fight him then and there if you want. But that won't do you much good. And not just because he'd probably kill you instantly.
You're better off listening to him.
Because he will make you an offer.
By which I mean he will give you The Choice.
I won't tell you that.
It's just a very important decision you will have to take into consideration once you hear it. Something unique to you and your journey.
Basically, if you accept his terms, your real adventure will begin. Your true planet will be unlocked, and a whole lot of other crazy shit will happen. It's best not to get bogged down in the details though.
The bottom line is, by accepting, you will begin the most difficult game session anyone has ever attempted.
Because you are being punished.
For your hubris in embarking on a one player session.
That's against the rules.
They aren't written anywhere. They're just the rules.
Are the rules you and your sister followed written anywhere?
You just knew what they were, and you followed them. There were consequences for breaking them.
Pretty much.
I thought you'd feel that way.
It's called a dead session.
So, there are three kinds of fucked up sessions, and yours is the worst.
There's a null session, which is pretty much a normal session that's doomed to failure.
Everything works correctly. The sprites are prototyped, the battlefield can evolve, the Forge is present, Skaia can gestate a new universe... theoretically.
But events conspire such that this never happens. Basically the players are doomed to fail.
Then there's a void session, which is the same as a null session, but without even having the potential for success.
Nothing is prototyped. The battlefield doesn't evolve. There's no Forge. It is completely inert.
It has no chance of bearing fruit, at least not without some sort of miraculous external intervention. Like a deus ex machina.
And then there's a dead session, which is a void session but worse. It's started by a single player. The kernelsprite collapses into a black hole, sucking the planet into it, and eventually the sun and entire solar system. There is no hope of creating a universe in such a session under any circumstance, not even with outside help. Victory and defeat in a dead session are dictated by totally different terms.
One way of looking at it is, if you're fortunate enough to even get your quest started, it will be like playing the game on the extreme difficulty setting.
Hope you're up for that!
Hell no.
Hmm...
Gamzee again.
Wonder what he's up to now?
He doesn't look too good.
Oh great.
Now he's vomiting blood.
Are you satisfied?
You made this dear, sweet, pseudo-innocent juggalo vomit liter after thick, glutinous liter of nasty purple blood.
I'm debating whether I should play the elevator music again.
Would that be funny? I'm not sure.
Kind of borderline, really.
What?
What?
That's weird.
What kind of keys?
Hmm.
Do you think they might work on this tower?
Don't be that way. I'm just thinking out loud here.
He's kind of like a loyal pet, isn't he?
Dragging ridiculous stuff into the house as gifts for his master.
Barfing up disgusting things on the carpet and beaming with pride over his generous offering.
Isn't that what you want from a devoted minion/mentor?
Nope.
I'm just as surprised as you.
Hey, I told you.
I have no idea what that clown gets up to in his spare time.
I'm not even really sure how he got here, to be honest.
Maybe he stowed away in a shitty Liberty?
Or maybe he was just hiding in one of the ventshafts on your meteor when you entered? He had YEARS of practice to master that move, now that I think about it.
Why don't you quit bitching at me and try out those keys?
You don't.
Nope.
You just have to try them on every keyhole until one fits.
Welcome to your quest.
He is in his game session, exploring his land.
It is cooler.
You were looking through a standard chat client viewport.
This tower's signal bypasses the field of void permeating the session.
As long as you find the right tower, the right monitor, and have the right key, you should be able to see anything in existence from this planet.
Try another key.
What. So you're down with the Dirk?
I think you want to be bros with him.
What?
Think what?
What?
Ok, I'm leaving.
What the fuck?
Bye.
I think you've got a handle on this.
You're warming up to the clown, or at least you stopped shooting him every thirty seconds.
So it seems like you're ready to accept him as your mentor and begin taking this quest seriously.
Cool.
My work here is done then.
Try out some more keys. Then go exploring and look for more.
You'll get the hang of it.
Let us never speak of ACT 6 ACT 5 ACT 2 again.
?
What what.
Please don't type in the narrative prompt.
Do what.
This isn't backwards stupid. It's forwards.
After all the trickster shit happened.
I can go back all the act act acts I want.
The act act acts are kind of meaningless anyway.
Besides, trickster mode was getting obnoxious.
Yes it was.
Yes.
Let's not do the Equius yes/no thing.
What are you talking about? I didn't erase it. It was still a thing that happened.
Do you really think I have the power to make something unhappen??
I would have to be a wizard to do that. And as we both know perfectly well, magic is fake as shit.
No way.
And incidentally, I didn't authorize you to send that lollipop.
Approve of kids doing something kinda like drugs and making dumb plans to get quadruple married and have babies?
No, I don't approve of that.
Besides, that's no way to make progress.
You don't just give the heroes some cheap game breaking candy let them blast through the whole adventure and all their personal issues.
That's some deus ex machina shit you were trying to pull.
Lame.
No.
No.
No.
Nope!
No.
No.
No.
Oh not this again!
Why did Gamzee have to give you that crowbar??
Ugh, I should have killed him a long time ago.
Fuckin clowns tho...
Put the crowbar down.
Good grief, poor Jane.
Ok fine! The spoiled baby gets his bottle yet again.
Just put the thing down.
Caliborn, first let me explain something to you. 
I guess it falls on me to teach you these life lessons, because as unpleasant as the idea is for both of us, I am the closest thing you will ever have to a father.
You see, teenagers are sensitive and beautiful creatures.
Well, not you. You are repulsive. But most teenagers, I mean.
You can't just force them to settle all their issues with insane psychotropic game powerups.
They have to face all those issues themselves, or they will never learn and grow as people.
Well, you don't. But human beings do.
The journey itself is more important than the destination.
The struggle is what builds character and teaches us about ourselves and about life.
Of course you think you were doing them a favor. You're an alien.
So is your sister. She thought the juju would be a great boon for them as well. But she was wrong.
See, you cherubs are predisposed to love all this trickster crap. All that goofy squeaky candy coated nonsense is a critical part of your people's mythos.
That sugarized zillyjunk sort of embodies a unified field of absurd Platonic ideals to the cherubim, so when you see expressions of it in reality of course you're gonna go apeshit.
But that kind of stuff is freakish and disturbing to humans. Those aren't our ideals.
Furthermore, that could only be seen as a boon from an asocial species.
You never have to deal with other people. So if you lick a magic lollipop that flips a switch in your brain that says "all my problems are solved," I guess maybe that's fine for cherubs, but if you're a human you haven't actually solved anything.
By the same logic it's not much of a boon to a human's physical journey either.
Using an item that lets them start maniacally powering from point A to point B isn't doing them any favors.
It's like when Mario gets the star.
You know when Mario gets the star?
He's a small Italian plumber who goes on sideways adventures.
He jumps on stuff and bops bricks with his head to save a princess.
Never mind what an Italian is. It's just a kind of guy on Earth.
And a plumber is a guy who fixes load gapers.
Shut up.
Anyway, sometimes when Mario's running sideways he gets a star that makes him magic and invincible.
Yes, but less stupid.
So for a while he becomes flashy and hyperactive and nothing's challenging anymore.
He just starts barreling over mushrooms and leaping over pits as fast as he can, then gets to the end and jumps on the flagpole and that's it. Mario "wins".
But the point is, he didn't really win. That magic star was actually devastating to his development as a human being.
Because he skipped over many critical trials on his spiritual journey.
Mario NEEDS to stomp on all those mushrooms. He NEEDS to bonk those bricks with his head, for the sake of his personal growth.
By using the star, he is denying himself many powerful moments of catharsis.
Well, I don't know. Maybe Mario isn't the best example.
Like I'm not sure if Mario really even has a soul?
He's just kind of a one-dimensional friendly cartoon plumber.
So maybe this stuff doesn't quite apply to him.
But these aren't one-dimensional plumbers we're talking about here.
These are TEENS.
And as we all know, teens have BIG FEELINGS.
No don't!
Jane is still nursing a wicked hangover you ass.
Has it occurred to you that your quest in its limitless tedium and thankless busywork was designed to facilitate your personal growth?
To prepare you for your ultimate destiny beyond this game?
Oh right.
Well, has it occurred to you that it might have been designed to fuck with your head and serve as a punishment for being such a horrible little shit?
Fair enough.
But I already told you how to accelerate your viewing.
See those two panes of glass there?
Take your crowbar and smash them.
Yes.
You should be pleased by the irony.
Smashing the glass will cause you to reflect upon a lifetime you have yet to spend...
Um.
Breaking stuff.
Is the irony not fucking delicious?
I'm sorry.
Yes.
You and a buddy have to turn both keys simultaneously.
It will teach you a wonderful lesson about life.
Don't act like you aren't secretly having a great time there with your new friends.
You are practically the ringmaster of your own little dark carnival by now.
And you're loving every minute of it. Don't deny it.
Sooner or later you will have to face the fact that literally all adventures are about learning the value of teamwork.
Teamwork and friendship. The two razor sharp edges of the mighty excalibur which EVERY hero should keep in his scabbard.
Even shitty heroes like you.
No.
No!
This is a shameful exploitation of our arrangement.
We weren't supposed to talk anymore once you left Earth.
Every time we talk, you complain that I am being self indulgent.
But you always come back for more! It's like you can't get enough of me.
I think you might be obsessed.
You only made that caltop so you could talk to me on the go, didn't you?
Please, don't lie. Who else would you use it to talk to in your solo session? GAMZEE?
I bet you haven't said one word to him through that device. You never even refer to him by his name.
You should try to be better friends with him. 
He basically ditched his best buddy for you.
He reveres you, and you treat him like shit.
So...
You're off to a pretty good start at being a god, I guess?
Ugh.
Yellow hat and blue hat?
You should come up with better names for them than that.
Like, I don't know.
Maybe some cool mobster names?
Because mobsters are cool.
Anyone can be a mobster though. Even cherubs and leprechauns.
Being a mobster isn't about what you look like, it's about what's inside you.
Are these the only two you've unlocked so far?
He's pretty much doing what he does.
No. He's just slow.
That's his power.
Yellow hat is fast.
Blue hat is slow.
It just is.
That depends on what you mean by better.
I thought they were leprechauns.
Ok.
Congratulations.
What's wrong with the new gnomes?
Yes. That's basically what he does.
Yes.
You can't kill purple hat. He's too lucky!
That's also his power. Being really lucky.
I don't know.
Get him to solve puzzles for you?
Use him as a human shield sometimes?
I mean a gnome shield.
You shouldn't be whining about how lame your minions are.
As you accumulate more, your job is obviously to combine their talents in creative ways to overcome the increasingly difficult challenges on your quest.
Synergize your time gnomes. Make them more than the sum of their pointy hats.
Nobody said it would be easy.
Hey.
Did you kill that cute turtle?
But I can see your past trail.
You're standing there holding a gun, and pointing it at the turtle.
Boooooooooo.