TT: State your business, Jake.
TT: Take it easy, bromide.
TT: Just about the only way I could salvage endearment from this perilous slope of horseshit would be to discover, really fucking soon mind you, it was a preamble to some floundering invitation for me to rush to your vicinity as nakedly as possible.
TT: But since we've already shot that wad's eventuality on so many dry runs of flustered ambivalence that were as hilarious as they were one sided,
TT: That leaves only one hope for this message to avoid spiraling toward qualification as a critical fucking defect in the hull of the Mach 10 rocket that is my precious spare time.
TT: And that hope lies in the extent to which you were practicing artful insincerity.
TT: Now's your opportunity to pretend that's what you were gunning for. I suggest you seize it.
TT: Ok, nice.
TT: Now that your obsequious preface has been established as indisputably entertaining for all the right reasons, and intentionally so,
TT: Let's bear down on these dire as shit needs you've got.
TT: I'm guessing you're probably jonesing for uranium about now. No?
TT: You are out of uranium.
TT: It's basically mathematically impossible that's not why you're contacting me.
TT: You do know my offer still stands.
TT: You know. I've offered to construct the rabbit for you many times before. I would craft a much deadlier model.
TT: Yeah, I know this is your policy. You've done a good job and you should be proud.
TT: But it's my responsibility as your friend to offer one last time.
TT: Just as it's my responsibility not to just fork over a bunch of uranium just because you ask me in a moment of weakness.
TT: It's too easy.
TT: And you yourself are the one staking pride in this.
TT: If you were half-assing this project and made some slovenly plea for it, I'd just say, fuck it, here's a lot of green rocks dude, go nuts.
TT: Nope. Not buying it.
TT: I know that every ounce of your premium behind can be accounted for in that rabbit, and there's no goddamned denying it.
TT: And you know perfectly well where some more uranium can be located.
TT: It seems you think I am a fucking douche.
TT: That's your opinion, I guess. That's cool.
TT: It seems that you consider me to be, no less than one hundred percent of the time, an obstinate stick in the mud.
TT: I unironically respect your position on this matter. Hey, let's continue to exchange ideas.
TT: What?
TT: Is something the matter, Jake?
TT: It's time for me to respond with some words, ideally chosen and arranged in a way that will wreck your shit, in a subtle and psychologically devastating way.
TT: Ok, the caboose remark was actually pretty funny, Jake.
TT: If I truly were what you say I am, I wouldn't be able to feel the human emotions of joy and laughter. No?
TT: I think you should back your claims up with proof before you go heaving around such accusations.
TT: Bullshit.
TT: I'm being like, the perfect dude right now. A fully fucking legitimate human being.
TT: It seems you have asked about DS's chat client auto-responder. This is an application designed to simulate DS's otherwise inimitably rad typing style, tone, cadence, personality, and substance of retort while he is away from the computer. The algorithms are guaranteed to be 96% indistinguishable from DS's native neurological responses, based on some statistical analysis I basically just pulled out of my ass right now.
TT: What if I was just fucking with you there?
TT: Would it really be so unthinkable for a human to type that?
TT: Unimpressed.
TT: Logical fallacies are as pervasive throughout your argument as your antiquated verbal tics.
TT: It seems you have asked about DS's chat client auto-responder. This is an application designed to simulate DS's otherwise inimitably rad typing style, tone, cadence, personality, and substance of retort while he is away from the computer. The algorithms are guaranteed to be 93% indistinguishable from DS's native neurological responses, based on some statistical analysis I basically just pulled out of my ass right now.
TT: It could be a coincidence that I typed the same answer.
TT: It could be a coincidence that I always type the same answer.
TT: Ok, but I'm pretty sure he's going to share my position on the matter.
TT: Hey, it's me.
TT: The auto-responder, I mean.
TT: I'm just wondering,
TT: If you still have your stupid old-fangled knickers in a twist.
TT: Because that's the sort of thing you would say.
TT: To my proposal. Well, our proposal.
TT: Mine and DS's. It's a joint proposal. I'm always authorized to speak on his behalf, because I'm basically fucking him.
TT: And try not to take those last four words as a clustered literal sentiment. That would be lame and unfunny.
TT: No, I know you don't want that.
TT: I meant my recommendation for how to go about procuring a new supply of uranium.
TT: Operation U-235 Brocurement. Codename: Big Man Hass the Rock.
TT: Well yeah, Jake.
TT: That's sort of the point.
TT: Thrill of the hunt and all.
TT: I thought you liked to manicure the image of a dude who shits his pants over a good adventure.
TT: It seems you are conflating adventure with bodies necessarily governed by the result of victory or defeat.
TT: Any useless fuckwit knows it's all about the journey.
TT: It seems there is a 76.10395784% chance you are pussying out on me. Are you pussying out on me, Jake?
TT: It...
TT: <span style="font-style: italic">Appears
TT: That you are upset.
TT: The auto-responder observed in the least artificially infuriating way possible.
TT: Have you ever stopped to think that while I may be bound to processes inside the glasses of a real and incredibly cool guy, my algorithms in cognitive totality comprise a conscious entity not far short of the experiential and emotional complexity of a human being?
TT: I think you knowingly confuse the field of robotics and artificial intelligence to engender some sort of cavalier attitude about technology that a rough-and-tumble guy who's all about brawling and fisticuffs would probably have, and if this is cultivated to a humorous effect then I commend you.
TT: But you're wrong.
TT: I do have feelings. And you're shitting on them.
TT: It sucks.
TT: No problem.
TT: Is this a counterproposal?
TT: To my earlier proposal.
TT: What can I say.
TT: Dude fancies his ablutions.
TT: Fuck yes.
TT: Or, correction, DS sent them.
TT: You then assembled it. You were therefore complicit in your own spectacular, daily humiliations.
TT: You wanted somebody to wrestle with. DS was being a kickass bro if you ask me.
TT: You know damn well there are adjustable difficulty settings.
TT: I have always recommending setting it to Novice, as has DS.
TT: Yeah?
TT: What.
TT: I don't understand.
TT: Isn't that what you want from a Novice setting?
TT: Sparring with minimal discomfort?
TT: No, I think I get it.
TT: You're saying you were somehow dissatisfied within the presence of my robotic avatar's personal space.
TT: Was there an odor problem? Was the metal too hot to the touch?
TT: Help me out.
TT: This is bullshit, Jake.
TT: We had a pact. You were gonna tiptoe all the fuck around my brittle feelings. Totally mind the shit out of those eggshell riddled motherfuckers.
TT: What does the guy have to do, Jake?
TT: You want to wrestle. He's fucking game. Just a man, a machine, a secluded tropical island. Sounds like you died and went to fucking heaven, if you ask me.
TT: Seriously, what does this simple, loyal brobot have to do to prove his worth to you?
TT: What does he have to do to make you at ease with the alkaline sting of his gentle robogrope? I really want to know.
TT: Maybe he should just rip his heart out of his chest and pound it into green gravel there in the jungle with his hella strong robot arm.
TT: Invoke_Onomatopoeia(Pound * some ridiculously precise value retrieved at astonishing speed from my rad neural net);
TT: Check it out, little green rocks all over the goddamn place. More than you could ever hope to cram in a shoddy metal rabbit, or any other pliable orifice which might be convenient.
TT: Because clearly its up to a soulless droid to feel emotions for the both of us, you callous, corporeal carbon ape, all trotting around with your fancy fuckin' DNA and shit.
TT: Brose.
TT: You know what, I've just decided.
TT: If the brobot's Novice setting makes you uneasy, I'm going to disable it remotely.
TT: Done.
TT: Now you got nothing to worry about.
TT: Happy hunting, Jake.
TT: Why have you activated dear, sweet Huggy Bear.
TT: Are you in danger?
TT: Yeah, it's me.
TT: I disabled the AR for now.
TT: Yes, I'm catching up with the situation now.
TT: Nah. Just reading their chat logs.
TT: Man, what the fuck?
TT: I can't leave these two alone for a minute. Can a guy get his ablutions on in fucking peace?
TT: Not really.
TT: The responder doesn't much distort my position on things usually.
TT: Its demeanor leaves something desired though. I'd prefer it didn't make such aggressive and repeated claims of fidelity to my persona.
TT: Be misrepresentin' hells of key subtleties, yo.
TT: Keeps them both on their toes.
TT: Jake and the responder.
TT: Jake needs to be more skeptical. Rather than take a Pollyanna jackknife ass-first off whatever turnip truck is blowing through town that day, he's got to apply more critical reasoning to shit.
TT: I keep telling him.
TT: I keep telling him, dude, you got to be more like Jane.
TT: Yes, exactly.
TT: You're finally fucking getting it.
TT: Said the stubborn skeptic, skeptically.
TT: Shalln't?
TT: That ain't a thing to say, even for you.
TT: Alright. Kinda don't care.
TT: About what? Jake?
TT: Yeah.
TT: Anyway, I kind of owe it to him to let the program run as often as possible.
TT: No.
TT: The responder.
TT: It is a fully cognitive, self-aware entity I am responsible for, not even to mention an approximate cerebral duplicate of myself.
TT: You don't just make a clone of yourself to live in a dead end existence where it has no chance to thrive as an individual or surpass its limitations.
TT: That'd be sick.
TT: Also.
TT: The more the software runs, the broader and more detailed its experiential canopy becomes. Makes for a better dialogic partner.
TT: Of course.
TT: Why do you think I made the thing?
TT: It's that too.
TT: Yes, you are. But that's fine.
TT: We come from different traditions. Someone needs to keep that racist southern asshole's legacy alive.
TT: There's dignity in taking up the work of our familial predecessors, even if what they did was insanely fucking stupid.
TT: No way. He's awesome.
TT: I've told you, I don't begrudge any of his success.
TT: I've also told you he isn't my real bro even though I call him that. We're related through an esoteric process of genetic reamalgamation.
TT: Alright. My lessons are rad as fuck, but suit yourself.
TT: The point is, obviously his satirical methods have flaws, and whatever tempered brand of hero worship I might be practicing isn't keeping me from seeing that.
TT: Yes, spectacularly so. But they will have profound historical significance. Mark my words.
TT: And flaws aside, it's a legacy I'm proud to inherit. My duty isn't to appropriate his methods with absolute loyalty, but to apply reason and improve upon them. To leave my own mark.
TT: To perfect the art of irony.
TT: It's just like what you're doing with the work of your ancestor. You are striving to perfect his hokey vaudeville bullshit, or something.
TT: You seek the Zen of a pie to the face. The Tao of falling the fuck down.
TT: Can't fool me. You take your shit as serious as I do.
TT: And if I wasn't serious about it, I wouldn't have made you that rabbit. Then where the hell would you be?
TT: Has he been sleeping in the old man hollow again? Shit, that's adorable.
TT: Yeah, bullshit.
TT: He's just being instinctive. In the wild, he would gut a carcass and sleep inside for warmth, as well as to secure tactical advantage for ambushing would-be scavengers.
TT: You haven't renamed him yet?
TT: You've got to fucking rename him. Or change him to a girl if you want. That was important.
TT: When pets change owners they get new names. Fact.
TT: Fuck if that isn't the best name a thing could get.
TT: Yes, but it's not that simple. There were many layers involved.
TT: Some of them are literal layers, of metal and plush.
TT: There's a real stuffed rabbit beneath its exoskeleton.
TT: Yeah.
TT: It belonged to my bro.
TT: I didn't. He didn't give it to me, and never intended to bequeath it.
TT: I stole it.
TT: Nah. I got a little help from RL and ganked it out of his museum.
TT: It's this whole "priceless" collection of stupid shit from movies, defended like Fort Knox. Ironically of course.
TT: Ever hear of Con Air?
TT: Yes.
TT: Yeah, it doesn't matter really. But it was from that. Dude weirdly obsessed over that shit movie for years, among others.
TT: Know those signature shades you see him wearing on magazine covers and stuff? Another prop. A gift from Stiller himself, I believe.
TT: Pretty sure he didn't even notice. In years since, I never saw a news story about a "daring heist" or anything. I feel like he would have made some hay outta that.
TT: And if he did know, he'd probably just want to give me a stoic fist bump or something.
TT: Essentially. It's not that easy to explain.
TT: Broadcasting the gesture would have made it seem tawdry, and would somewhat defray its humor value.
TT: Like I said, there are layers.
TT: On one level, I gave you a filthy tattered piece of shit, albeit of tremendous cultural significance, manhandled by some old B movie actors, now candy coated to function as a highly practical defender droid for your personal protection.
TT: On another level, I needed to incorporate something passable as a real heirloom.
TT: For sentimental reasons.
TT: No, it was genuine.
TT: The upper echelons of irony should always include measures of sincerity. And if the satirical practice is executed faithfully it will achieve something bona fide in its own right regardless.
TT: Through an intense commitment bordering on religious devotion to the absolutely inane, absurd, or plain fucking stupid, a very different kind of sincerity begins to materialize. One of reverence to the ridiculous. You begin to "mean it," but what exactly it is you mean is never quite what appears on the surface, and is utterly inaccessible to obtuse and literal minds. That you "mean it" then becomes inseparable from the joke, and additional rich strata of humor may be stripped aggressively from this irreconcilable truth.
TT: Oh god, I'd love that.
TT: Consider the position yours for the taking any time. Feel free to approach and kneel before Cal. With my sword and his floppy mitten, you will receive my flashstep anointment shoulder to shoulder, and to shoulder again.
TT: Cool.
TT: Jane, one more thing.
TT: I'm sure you must be aware by now that you'll be the leader of our group, as you will be the first to enter the session.
TT: Trust me. It's a thing.
TT: That's why you're our leader, Jane.
TT: Optimism through stalwart skepticism is an affect not everyone is plucky enough to be graced with.
TT: Yeah yeah. I know.
TT: You're not our leader, you're our FRIEND, right?
TT: And statements like that are also why you're our leader.
TT: But only in name and in spirit. Less so, functionally.
TT: If it puts your mind at ease, I'll be the one pulling the strings here.
TT: I will be the unseen hand whose nimble digits are behind every subtle twitch in our session's bulbous foam ass.
TT: At least those gyrations not happening by the volition of its own quivering absorbant proboscis.
TT: If you ever need help, Jane. If you're ever in any trouble at all, let me know. Just say the word.
TT: I'll whip the toggle stick of this ludicrous marionette, cavorting its humongous bottom to intercept your freefall through the abyss.
TT: Snowcone you up in the fluffy crook of its cleft. Don't be alarmed if you're in no hurry to unpry yourself.
TT: For the great jut of this impudent rump has more yield to your touch than you ever dreamt. Remember to catch your breath as it cherishes the imprint of your hand like a memento from a lover gone to war.
TT: There's a lot of give to that ass, you may say.
TT: Might like to settle in. Make myself comfortable. Start a family.
TT: Bounce a coin off that ass, you'll demand of visitors. It's not going anywhere.
TT: Bet that coin'll take a good nap there.
TT: It's a gamble you win every goddamn time.
TT: Yeah.
TT: Jane, soon you'll believe what I've told you.
TT: You'll believe it all.
TT: It's just a shame that believing will take something so coarse as seeing, for a girl as sharp as you.
TT: Critical thought can lead one to accept the unlikely, just as much as dismiss the impossible.
TT: I can help with this too. Would you like me to program a Jane Crocker responder for you?
TT: I only require a simple captcha of your brain.
TT: I made several. Which one?
TT: I should probably warn you.
TT: Well shit.
TT: She already sent it?
TT: That's weird.
TT: No, it's weird because Lalonde was the one who rigged it to explode.
TT: It's a bogus copy she coded herself. The real game file she downloaded is totally legit.
TT: Got it right here myself. Checked it out.
TT: File's fuckin' clean as a whistle. 
TT: A whistle that overcame a major substance abuse problem. Trying to get its life back on track.
TT: The whistle is holding down a steady job now. It's taking things one day at a time.
TT: Eat a fuckin' dinner off that whistle.
TT: Ok I'll shut up.
TT: To accomplish exactly what it sounds like got accomplished.
TT: You narrowly averting the "fake" threat to your life, then getting your shit all hot and bothered at the Baroness over it.
TT: Then you abdicate your heiress throne or something, and give up on this game as a big fuck you to the genocidal cake alien.
TT: She's working through some problems right now.
TT: Really doesn't want us to play that game.
TT: So I guess this was the insane stunt she whipped up to derail the inevitable.
TT: Kinda reckless for my tastes.
TT: One of the above statements is a fucking lie, are you gutsy enough a gumshoe to spot it.
TT: Sounds about right.
TT: Nope.
TT: Well, before you go taking a massive sad crap all over your friendship credentials, consider this.
TT: Only she could manage to blow up your computer with a nasty deathloop virus and somehow make YOU be the one to feel shitty about it.
TT: Or maybe you're the one who uniquely fills the predicate in that construction.
TT: I don't god damn know.
TT: Your friendship with her is a half drunken three-legged relay race, and the baton is a stick of dynamite.
TT: And you two are the only ones on the track. Me and English are watching from under the bleachers, high-fiving constantly.
TT: Yes.
TT: They have.
TT: And they will continue to.
TT: I agree.
TT: Just heard about your assassination on Prospit.
TT: Who, RL? No.
TT: I read it in a newspaper.
TT: No.
TT: I just picked up one of the sleazy Dersite tabloid rags.
TT: Sometimes they'll feature some pretty entertaining gossip about the royalty or whatever.
TT: But they're primarily dedicated to smearing Prospit. The press had a field day with the deaths of the Page and the Maid.
TT: Derse, yeah.
TT: Not evil, necessarily. That's a bit simplistic. The kingdom represents the forces of opposition to Prospit and the four heroes. Us.
TT: "DEAD"
TT: Was the big ass headline.
TT: Then a photo of your dead body lying there, followed by a lot of bullshit slander.
TT: It was also reported your tower exploded. They couldn't find the body to give it a proper funeral. Probably incinerated.
TT: Dunno. Years ago. Don't really recall.
TT: It's hard to explain.
TT: I was never technically asleep there. I was awake without realizing it.
TT: Then I realized it.
TT: And I sorta learned how to be awake there while awake here too.
TT: I am awake there now, albeit pretending to be sleep.
TT: For one thing, it gets a bit distracting managing two alert bodies in different places at the same time.
TT: And for another thing, it's better to maintain appearances.
TT: Everyone on Derse believes their heroes haven't woken yet.
TT: Though they are both rumored to be very active sleep walkers.
TT: Which is half true. She can't ever seem to sleep still. Goes off wandering for days.
TT: Sometimes I've gotta go round her up from some godforsaken cranny of the abyss. Drag her tipsy ass home, tuck her back in.
TT: Maybe I'll chain her leg to the bed if she doesn't wake up soon.
TT: Though in light of the recent assassinations, her slumbering attraction to the void probably works to her advantage. No one ever knows where she is.
TT: No, it's essentially the same situation here.
TT: They glorify us the same way. Almost like we're their purple pajama'd team mascots. Even though they will completely oppose our objective when all is said and done.
TT: Kinda ridiculous, really.
TT: But even so, I think it's better to lay low, not alert anyone to my...
TT: Alertness. 
TT: That way I can sneak around and gather information. Do some reconnaissance before shit starts getting real.
TT: Yeah, among other things. Like keep an eye on agent activity.
TT: No, more like high ranking officials.
TT: Judging from your knife wound, I'm betting you were the victim of the Archagent himself.
TT: You should feel honored, I guess.
TT: A guy named Noir.
TT: Real nasty dude. Crazy ambitious. Loves knives.
TT: If we're going to stand any chance of winning this thing,
TT: I've got this nagging suspicion we're gonna have to take him down first.
TT: And a feeling that nags equally,
TT: Is it ain't gonna be easy.
TT: That's the most awesome way to be, Jane.
TT: And it is again why you will be our leader.
TT: (Sort of.)
TT: Pulling them as we speak.
TT: I am having Lil Seb install a real copy of the client on another computer in your house.
TT: A clean computer, not any of this BCCorp garbage you tend to accumulate.
TT: I'll have to insist from this point onward, you employ neutral devices.
TT: That shit fucks with your head.
TT: Once it's installed, I'll connect with you. I will be your server player.
TT: I know this isn't what you were hoping for, but some improvisation is in order.
TT: While you get the ball rolling, I'll try to talk some sense into that mercurial boozehound.
TT: She will.
TT: Do you even have any machines that don't inundate you with fucking Hamburger Helper ads and Guy Fieri's heinous propaganda?
TT: A fitting end to a life of moral compromise.
TT: On your dad's computer downstairs.
TT: One in the study.
TT: What?
TT: I think it'll take a lot more to kill that dude than a little falling debris.
TT: Trust me.
TT: The most you have to worry about is getting grounded back to the stone age.
TT: When you enter the session, he'll probably lock you up in a prison cell on Derse.
TT: Probably stick a huge safe in front of the bars for good measure.
TT: Makin' room for something big.
TT: Roxy.
TT: Awake yet?
TT: Guess not.
TT: Let me know.
TT: There you are.
TT: But I see your dream self hasn't returned.
TT: You must be tying one the fuck on tight already.
TT: Man, how can you be this much drunker than last time we talked?
TT: What the hell are you even drinking?
TT: It's a beiuet.
TT: Yeah.
TT: I see precisely jack shit and a side of fuckall.
TT: That's the point.
TT: You got too sauced up and went rogue again. You're out there in your weird drifting stupor, independent of your waking self's awareness.
TT: No.
TT: In thinking it over, it's sort of a relief. Simplifies things somewhat.
TT: It's better you stay out there for a while.
TT: There's been a problem.
TT: Ok, I fucked up.
TT: I kind of made a mess here, and I'm not sure what to do about it yet.
TT: No need for you to worry about it for now. I'll figure something out.
TT: Until then I'm just going to prepare for our session, while I think it over.
TT: Ok.
TT: Why do you think that?
TT: No.
TT: Are you thinking it was prophetic? Like a glimpse of the future?
TT: Because that's not really how the abyss works. It's not Skaia, and we aren't Prospit dreamers.
TT: There's nothing like that out in the abyss. If you drift far enough, there is only horror.
TT: Terrible, terrible horror.
TT: Well, maybe it was.
TT: Maybe there's no fanciful game-supplied mechanism of prognostication involved here, and you're just an ordinary, run of the mill psychic.
TT: I guess that's possible.
TT: What would it be like?
TT: Inconvenient, mostly.
TT: Can't really say I have.
TT: Sorry, Rox.
TT: For what it's worth, I'm picturing them now. A boy and a girl.
TT: Two perfect little freaks of nature raised by people who've clearly got no business bringin' up anybody.
TT: Le sign?
TT: Do you mean * le sigh?
TT: What does le sign actually mean in this context?
TT: Come on what?
TT: I mean, yeah, that's what I thought.
TT: It would just be cool if you'd refrain from tossing about such antediluvian terms.
TT: Yes.
TT: I don't see how it has to be a thing.
TT: Once upon a time, sure.
TT: But the world has changed a lot.
TT: Ever peek in a history book between your wizardly indulgences? This is a nuanced topic.
TT: How is it a thing?
TT: All like what?
TT: Don't be ridiculous.
TT: I have more to do with you than any dude could possibly bargain for.
TT: And I like it just fine.
TT: Yeah.
TT: Now maybe we should direct our focus on a matter which has nothing at all to do with what does or doesn't qualify as "a thing", or what our fantasy alt-universe offspring would be like, or anything like that.
TT: Such as this game, and whether you're in the best condition to be piloting Jane's connection.
TT: Maybe you could use another nap?
TT: I know that. But I thought we settled this.
TT: We settled this too. She'll believe everything eventually.
TT: Why bother working so hard to convince her?
TT: I guess.
TT: It just registers for me as a reaction which isn't completely unreasonable from her perspective.
TT: She is inundated with media coverage of those whom we've claimed as our parental figures.
TT: That they are not presently alive nor ever played that role for us as she understands it is just an extension of a much more elaborate and far reaching explanation, which is much harder for anyone to digest in its entirety.
TT: Well, anyone who isn't Jake, I mean.
TT: Still say you should cut her some slack.
TT: And need I remind you,
TT: That the potential this game provides for their resurrection is what motivated you to investigate it in the first place?
TT: Right.
TT: But if we can stop her?
TT: I must be hard of counting, because I'm barely racking up a single goddamn o-laugh-out-loud at that self-defeating gesture.
TT: But there is no future on Earth for them.
TT: Or for us, for that matter.
TT: What? Why?
TT: Rox.
TT: I hope you're not thinking about sending her one of your batshit ~ATH scripts.
TT: Miss Zuipperpips?
TT: The amount of sense you haven't been making is un-fucking-real.
TT: Just go take a nap. And don't even think about sending her that file.
TT: Are you listening?
TT: Jesus.
TT: What?
TT: Man, you know I'm down with insane stunts.
TT: Insane stunts are practically all I'm all about.
TT: As long as I actually AGREE with the purpose they're intended to serve.
TT: Destroying Jane's computer and dissuading her from playing is not such a purpose.
TT: I am more like him.
TT: You just mispelled "more", causing me to suddenly understand jack everything.
TT: I used to could?
TT: Yeah...
TT: I kind of wish you wouldn't do that with him.
TT: It just seems a little tawdry and disrespectful.
TT: And vaguely exploitative of a still-emergent cognitive entity, whose perceptional frame of reference is difficult for us to comprehend.
TT: It rubs me the wrong way, is all.
TT: Not really.
TT: He blocks me from being able to read transcripts sometimes.
TT: And anyway, I'm really not sure how ironic it is.
TT: Ok, here's the thing with the AR, since you still don't seem to get it.
TT: He's very similar to me in thought process and behavior, yes.
TT: But those patterns were imported from a thirteen year old version of my psyche, and then sealed into the program as starting parameters.
TT: In the years since, we've both evolved somewhat. I, as humans tend to, and he, in whatever way is natural for a frequently running, self-aware application.
TT: So if there are differences between us, they're first reflected by what I feel is a maturity gap, and then further by several years of minor behavioral divergences.
TT: You're welcome.
TT: Yes, I was aware.
TT: Dude, do you think you could sit this one out for a while? This conversation practically doesn't even concern you at this point.
TT: Shit, Roxy look. He's doing the thing where he ironically pretends to fail the Turing test to sass me into submission.
TT: Even though I was the one who fucking programmed him to do that.
TT: This is fuckin' dumb.
TT: I'm going to leave both of you to interact however you want. I have important shit to deal with and actual responsibilities to take seriously.
TT: Roxy, go nap off your drink, or aggressively wage another flirtlarping campaign, whatever, I don't care.
TT: Just don't send that file to Jane, ok?
TT: Guess I can go back to talking in orange.
TT: Roxy.
TT: Awake yet?
TT: Guess not.
TT: Let me know.
TT: There you are.
TT: But I see your dream self hasn't returned.
TT: You must be tying one the fuck on tight already.
TT: Man, how can you be this much drunker than last time we talked?
TT: What the hell are you even drinking?
TT: It's a beiuet.
TT: Yeah.
TT: I see precisely jack shit and a side of fuckall.
TT: That's the point.
TT: You got too sauced up and went rogue again. You're out there in your weird drifting stupor, independent of your waking self's awareness.
TT: No.
TT: In thinking it over, it's sort of a relief. Simplifies things somewhat.
TT: It's better you stay out there for a while.
TT: There's been a problem.
TT: Ok, I fucked up.
TT: I kind of made a mess here, and I'm not sure what to do about it yet.
TT: No need for you to worry about it for now. I'll figure something out.
TT: Until then I'm just going to prepare for our session, while I think it over.
TT: Ok.
TT: Why do you think that?
TT: No.
TT: Are you thinking it was prophetic? Like a glimpse of the future?
TT: Because that's not really how the abyss works. It's not Skaia, and we aren't Prospit dreamers.
TT: There's nothing like that out in the abyss. If you drift far enough, there is only horror.
TT: Terrible, terrible horror.
TT: Well, maybe it was.
TT: Maybe there's no fanciful game-supplied mechanism of prognostication involved here, and you're just an ordinary, run of the mill psychic.
TT: I guess that's possible.
TT: What would it be like?
TT: Inconvenient, mostly.
TT: Can't really say I have.
TT: Sorry, Rox.
TT: For what it's worth, I'm picturing them now. A boy and a girl.
TT: Two perfect little freaks of nature raised by people who've clearly got no business bringin' up anybody.
TT: Le sign?
TT: Do you mean * le sigh?
TT: What does le sign actually mean in this context?
TT: Come on what?
TT: I mean, yeah, that's what I thought.
TT: It would just be cool if you'd refrain from tossing about such antediluvian terms.
TT: Yes.
TT: I don't see how it has to be a thing.
TT: Once upon a time, sure.
TT: But the world has changed a lot.
TT: Ever peek in a history book between your wizardly indulgences? This is a nuanced topic.
TT: How is it a thing?
TT: All like what?
TT: Don't be ridiculous.
TT: I have more to do with you than any dude could possibly bargain for.
TT: And I like it just fine.
TT: Yeah.
TT: Now maybe we should direct our focus on a matter which has nothing at all to do with what does or doesn't qualify as "a thing", or what our fantasy alt-universe offspring would be like, or anything like that.
TT: Such as this game, and whether you're in the best condition to be piloting Jane's connection.
TT: Maybe you could use another nap?
TT: I know that. But I thought we settled this.
TT: We settled this too. She'll believe everything eventually.
TT: Why bother working so hard to convince her?
TT: I guess.
TT: It just registers for me as a reaction which isn't completely unreasonable from her perspective.
TT: She is inundated with media coverage of those whom we've claimed as our parental figures.
TT: That they are not presently alive nor ever played that role for us as she understands it is just an extension of a much more elaborate and far reaching explanation, which is much harder for anyone to digest in its entirety.
TT: Well, anyone who isn't Jake, I mean.
TT: Still say you should cut her some slack.
TT: And need I remind you,
TT: That the potential this game provides for their resurrection is what motivated you to investigate it in the first place?
TT: Right.
TT: But if we can stop her?
TT: I must be hard of counting, because I'm barely racking up a single goddamn o-laugh-out-loud at that self-defeating gesture.
TT: But there is no future on Earth for them.
TT: Or for us, for that matter.
TT: What? Why?
TT: Rox.
TT: I hope you're not thinking about sending her one of your batshit ~ATH scripts.
TT: Miss Zuipperpips?
TT: The amount of sense you haven't been making is un-fucking-real.
TT: Just go take a nap. And don't even think about sending her that file.
TT: Are you listening?
TT: Jesus.
TT: What?
TT: Man, you know I'm down with insane stunts.
TT: Insane stunts are practically all I'm all about.
TT: As long as I actually AGREE with the purpose they're intended to serve.
TT: Destroying Jane's computer and dissuading her from playing is not such a purpose.
TT: I am more like him.
TT: You just mispelled "more", causing me to suddenly understand jack everything.
TT: I used to could?
TT: Yeah...
TT: I kind of wish you wouldn't do that with him.
TT: It just seems a little tawdry and disrespectful.
TT: And vaguely exploitative of a still-emergent cognitive entity, whose perceptional frame of reference is difficult for us to comprehend.
TT: It rubs me the wrong way, is all.
TT: Not really.
TT: He blocks me from being able to read transcripts sometimes.
TT: And anyway, I'm really not sure how ironic it is.
TT: Ok, here's the thing with the AR, since you still don't seem to get it.
TT: He's very similar to me in thought process and behavior, yes.
TT: But those patterns were imported from a thirteen year old version of my psyche, and then sealed into the program as starting parameters.
TT: In the years since, we've both evolved somewhat. I, as humans tend to, and he, in whatever way is natural for a frequently running, self-aware application.
TT: So if there are differences between us, they're first reflected by what I feel is a maturity gap, and then further by several years of minor behavioral divergences.
TT: You're welcome.
TT: Yes, I was aware.
TT: Dude, do you think you could sit this one out for a while? This conversation practically doesn't even concern you at this point.
TT: Shit, Roxy look. He's doing the thing where he ironically pretends to fail the Turing test to sass me into submission.
TT: Even though I was the one who fucking programmed him to do that.
TT: This is fuckin' dumb.
TT: I'm going to leave both of you to interact however you want. I have important shit to deal with and actual responsibilities to take seriously.
TT: Roxy, go nap off your drink, or aggressively wage another flirtlarping campaign, whatever, I don't care.
TT: Just don't send that file to Jane, ok?
TT: I was thinking about what to do.
TT: Strategizing. Factoring contingencies. You know how it is.
TT: Appearances are deceptive.
TT: I'm still in control here. Just doing this human thing we call "chilling out for half a goddamn minute."
TT: No dude.
TT: I already deployed a variety of mechanical avatars dedicated to that self-aggrandizing fantasy.
TT: You have the incredible privilege of getting to be one of them.
TT: What, you mean the number?
TT: I knew you meant the fucking number, my question was a joke.
TT: Yeah, I know that. I'm practically you, dumbass. All these things we're saying are jokes, including this fuckin' useless clarification.
TT: What about pi?
TT: What do you mean you solved it?
TT: Bullshit.
TT: It's not 4 you jackass, it's fucking nothing. There is no end.
TT: Look, I know you're just fucking with me because for some reason I decided to program my own personal troll three years ago, but this shit was proven.
TT: Actually demonstrated with unassailable mathematics, like a long ass time ago.
TT: This is laughable. It's a totally elementary thing. I'm pretty sure an ancient Greek guy settled shit about irrational numbers. It was practically when math was invented.
TT: No, not having this conversation.
TT: What is even a prime number?
TT: Are they the, like... really, really choice ones? The sweetest numbers?
TT: You lost me, supercomputer.
TT: Neither do I.
TT: Holy shit, turns out joking was the basis for my response too.
TT: Aren't these ironic "you don't get the joke" conversations we have always just so awesome? <- A joke.
TT: I'll keep that in mind.
TT: In the meantime, I have to contact Jane and warn her Roxy might try to pull that pointless stunt.
TT: So, thanks for snapping me out of my daydream so I could do that, I guess?
TT: Looks like you're pulling your weight already.
TT: Your point was to fuck with me, like it usually is.
TT: What?
TT: Oh god.
TT: Will you just,
TT: Hold on.
TT: Let me deal with the Jane thing first.
TT: I should probably warn you.
TT: Well shit.
TT: She already sent it?
TT: That's weird.
TT: Not well.
TT: Roxy already destroyed her computer.
TT: As if you're actually concerned. If you were, you could have said something to Jane instead.
TT: Almost like you enjoy sitting back and watching what happens when shit goes wrong.
TT: So this is either another bizarre instance of AI-driven irony, or you are admitting that you are actively trying to sabotage my plans.
TT: Whatever.
TT: This means I'll have to improvise.
TT: I'll take over as Crocker's server while Lalonde cleans up her act.
TT: Why are you still talking in red, by the way?
TT: Are you still talking to her?
TT: Why are you blocking me from viewing the transcripts?
TT: What the fuck are you two even talking about?
TT: That doesn't really sit well with me.
TT: I'd almost rather you both engaged in "ironic" flirtation.
TT: Ugh.
TT: Because you obviously do it just to piss me off.
TT: See, it's lines like that which make it obvious your only intent is to jerk me around. Nobody actually says shit like that and is serious about it.
TT: It's also obvious because you're me, and I'm sure I would be constantly fucking with my own head if I were you.
TT: You shouldn't say the former, and you should definitely, never, under any circumstance, say the latter.
TT: Fine.
TT: Makin' room for something big.
TT: It's not that simple.
TT: It's a very dynamic situation with many moving parts, and I'm waiting for it to unfold.
TT: If the right opportunity presents itself, yes, I could envision myself taking action.
TT: Shut up.
TT: Not really.
TT: I am seriously going to go into your program and remove that particular speech pattern from your routines.
TT: It stopped being funny about two seconds after I coded it.
TT: The compiler even flagged it with a warning.
TT: "WARNING ON LINE WHATEVER: Dirk, this isn't fucking funny."
TT: Wait, whose fantasy were we talking about again?
TT: Your gutterball was so rowdy it catapulted into the adjacent lane.
TT: See, this is why even if I did have a specific plan, I wouldn't go into details with you.
TT: You would just fuck it up. You're the biggest unknown quantity here.
TT: Which is pretty weird, considering you're a virtual reflection of my own thought processes.
TT: Pretty sure it's pale.
TT: I'm trying to operate here.
TT: Dude, what are you doing?
TT: Ok, if you want to help that's cool, but we should try to agree on some shit first before you hijack the controls like this.
TT: Yeah, that's fine, but I already had a plan sorta like this, if you'd actually let me do it.
TT: Can you just put the fuckin' Astaire down?
TT: Le sign.
TT: Distract him with that.
TT: Yes.
TT: Hell.
TT: Yes.
TT: Now, Jane. Get to the computer in the study and ditch that tiara.
TT: No.
TT: Now you have access to a clean computer, for one thing.
TT: Soon we can get started going through the steps necessary to launch the session.
TT: Oh hell.
TT: Another interruption.
TT: I should step away for a moment to take this message.
TT: He's probably right, I'm distracted by too much bullshit at once lately.
TT: Jane, I'm going to leave you with the responder for a little while.
TT: Maybe he can help you get started. Think you can handle that, dude?
TT: Ok, got it. You and the handle are tight.
TT: We don't need a whole thing about this.
TT: Ok.
TT: Ok, long story short, you and the handle fuck gratuitously. Nuff said.
TT: Try not to say I never gave you any responsibilities, or never took you seriously as a viable conscious being with free will.
TT: Also, please try not to make me regret this.
TT: Why?
TT: That's probably the way it always is. I've run into plenty of problems here already, and I've had to improvise heavily.
TT: Ain't nothing about our situation to envy yet.
TT: Well, your bro definitely has got some problems. Not gonna lie.
TT: Yeah.
TT: Just give him some time. He'll probably come around.
TT: You would never even have woken up on Prospit if you weren't going to launch the session, right?
TT: I mean, there wouldn't even be a session for a Prospit to exist inside if you weren't about to instantiate it in the first place. Unless I'm just totally not getting how this works.
TT: You're lucky to have any clouds.
TT: Only thing I have to look up at is infinite monsters.
TT: Speaking of which,
TT: I have a problem, and I could use your advice.
TT: I killed an agent who snuck into my room to assassinate me.
TT: I'm not sure what to do about it now. I guess I could just ditch the corpse.
TT: But it's still only a matter of time before my cover is blown.
TT: I honestly can't think of a way around this. Getting found out, I mean.
TT: Roxy has it easy. All floating off into space, completely oblivious to any danger.
TT: I don't know why it had to be this way for me. Juggling these two waking selves at once.
TT: I guess I'm used to it, but it still makes for a pretty intense existence.
TT: Do you even know what the deal with that is? Like is there any precedent in your readings?
TT: So, that's what a Prince of Heart does?
TT: Just has like, multiple waking consciousness disorder, or something?
TT: Sounds kind of stupid.
TT: Then I'm basically the Prince of Soul.
TT: That sounds kind of maybe a little cooler. Sort of.
TT: Then what am I supposed to be able to do as a Prince? Like, rule over souls in a pompous, regal manner?
TT: I'm obviously no expert, but that sounds like a pretty odd thing for a Bard to do.
TT: I think we have enough unpredictability as it is.
TT: So if I'm following, my title nearly parses as,
TT: Destroyer of Souls.
TT: Well, that's a little more badass sounding I guess.
TT: But I'm not sure I'll ever feel a major need to destroy a soul, unless I become a cartoonishly villainous sorcerer some day.
TT: Ok. Do I do that?
TT: Give me a fuckin' break.
TT: Why don't you just tell me? Who cares about spoilers. What's gonna happen is gonna happen.
TT: Wait. Don't you?
TT: I thought you did.
TT: What?
TT: Oh man. What the hell does she do?
TT: Huh.
TT: Ok.
TT: Speculation?
TT: So...
TT: You're kind of obsessed with us then.
TT: No, not really. I just want to understand.
TT: So can I ask,
TT: Just to get a better sense of the nature of your "admiration,"
TT: When you engage in the aforementioned speculation, is it strictly on a factual basis?
TT: Or do you start to...
TT: Fictionalize.
TT: What I'm asking is, have you ever written stories about us?
TT: Would you ever be inclined to share?
TT: That's cool. I'm not trying to pass judgment here. Just curious.
TT: Do any of these stories about us by any chance involve...
TT: Romance?
TT: How wee?
TT: Which is it? One smidgen, or two smidgens?
TT: Ok, I am seriously curious to read some.
TT: I won't show anyone, I promise.
TT: But that only makes me want to check it out more.
TT: Really, there's no way it's going to sicken or offend me. Whatever it is, I've seen worse.
TT: I'm not judging you at all here. I'm genuinely curious about your work.
TT: K, no biggie.
TT: Is there any kind of work you will share with me?
TT: Oh, really?
TT: Any you'd be willing to spare a peek at?
TT: Awesome.
TT: Holy shit.
TT: Do I actually have to wear that?
TT: Ok, what is with the butterfly wings?
TT: Uh.
TT: I should sure as god damn Christ hope the fuck not.
TT: What about this knickerbocker bullshit?
TT: Is that legit?
TT: God dammit.
TT: I guess those asskicking gloves are pretty cool.
TT: I dunno. I can probably make it work.
TT: How much of this shit is compulsory by game law or whatever?
TT: Am I obligated to traipse around in fucking tights and puffy little asshole pants forever?
TT: Ok.
TT: Well, don't get me wrong, I think the drawing is great. I'm only taken aback on some finer points of fashion.
TT: Also,
TT: Bob's my uncle?
TT: Yeah, I know that.
TT: I don't think so.
TT: I mean, I guess not?
TT: It's sort of like this weird, superfluous dad.
TT: Like a strange man in your life that barely has anything to do with you, but is just there for some reason.
TT: They're practically always douche bags.
TT: Ok, but just one question.
TT: Not to do with the future or anything, just about you.
TT: Are you British?
TT: Or pretending to be British, in a sort of ironic or stylized way?
TT: I mean, I guess it doesn't make sense for an alien to be British.
TT: Or for an alien to be American, for that matter.
TT: Just the way you type is making it seem that way is all.
TT: Quirk?
TT: So like,
TT: Deliberate affectation?
TT: You pretending to be British is a quirk.
TT: What the fuck is a quirk?
TT: That's stupid.
TT: I don't have a fucking quirk, and I don't want one.
TT: Oh hell no.
TT: I mean, not that all that stuff wouldn't be fascinating to pore through, on some level.
TT: But we kind of have things to do here.
TT: Remember you were gonna take a nap?
TT: By jove?
TT: Oh my lord.
TT: Nothin'.
TT: Hang on, though. Before you go,
TT: You never did give me any actual advice on my situation.
TT: With the dead agent, and my blown cover.
TT: Sure.
TT: I don't know.
TT: Hmm.
TT: You know, I'm not sure anyone ever actually says cheerio.
TT: Unless they're pretending to be British.
TT: Oh whatever.
TT: Oh mother fuck.
TT: Oh, right.
TT: That game.
TT: And here I thought you were going to ask me to draw you more weird porn for some reason.
TT: Blew what?
TT: I'm pretty well hidden on Derse. I doubt they'll find me until I'm ready to be found again.
TT: Yeah.
TT: Well, I was expecting as much.
TT: It's kind of why I was on my way to the roof just now.
TT: Until I was interrupted by this window appearing, and then by you.
TT: Maybe I should try plugging it in?
TT: I didn't think you were much of a historian.
TT: Wait.
TT: Just one thing before you go.
TT: Your sister was saying you were having some doubts about playing.
TT: Is that true?
TT: I see.
TT: No, didn't think so. I was just curious.
TT: Gotcha.
TT: You sure seem to hate us, but I notice it doesn't stop you from talking to us frequently. Or at least to me.
TT: Surely there must be at least one of our virtues you admire.
TT: I'll take that as a rare overture of friendship.
TT: So, do you even know how this is going to work?
TT: Your session. Can you even really have a session with only two players?
TT: Yeah.
TT: I sensed that was your plan.
TT: Which is kind of what I'm talking about. How can you win like that?
TT: I thought the point was to cooperate with your coplayers to achieve an objective.
TT: Not compete with them or try to kill them. I don't think we've had one conversation where you didn't express the desire to kill her.
TT: Maybe you're right.
TT: But since that's how you feel now, maybe the truth is that the game is challenging you to overcome those feelings?
TT: What if your real quest is to put aside your differences and work together, if you want to both survive, and grow as a person?
TT: Yeah, I didn't think you'd dig that idea.
TT: Just puttin' it out there.
TT: My juju?
TT: Oh, Lil Cal? No, man.
TT: Lil Cal is the shit.
TT: No way, dude. He's my best friend.
TT: A kickass ventriloquist doll?
TT: I've been given reason to believe it once belonged to my bro.
TT: Is that one of your alien folk stories?
TT: You could argue that my life is already kind of a nightmare, so there's no point in getting rid of him now.
TT: Either way, I'm gonna hang on to him.
TT: I honestly had no idea you were this superstitious.
TT: You're a pretty fascinating guy, in a way. I can't really figure you out.
TT: In case you're wondering why I put up with you more than my friends do.
TT: Why do you want me to get Cal so bad?
TT: Ok. So, some self-fulfilling shit, then. I was hoping for a better reason.
TT: At this point I'm leaning toward grabbing him just cause he seems to bother you so much.
TT: Like, you don't mind telling me I'm about to pick up Cal, and thus causing that to happen.
TT: So I guess you similarly wouldn't mind telling us about more significant outcomes?
TT: I feel like you've said something like that before.
TT: Different statements, but in that exact syntax.
TT: Wait. You mean it wasn't intentional?
TT: I thought it was kind of like... this thing you were doing.
TT: Fair enough.
TT: Hey, you know...
TT: For someone who has such strong opinions about long winded people,
TT: You've kinda been talking my ear off. I do actually have shit to do.
TT: That actually sounds familiar too.
TT: Are you sure you haven't said something like that before?
TT: Anyway, let's wrap this up.
TT: You've stolen enough of my time. I didn't even get a chance to try plugging in that window.
TT: Hang on.
TT: Something's happening.
TT: I think...
TT: You just had a flipoff malfunction, there.
TT: That's better.
TT: Happy 13th, bro.
TT: I have something for you.
TT: It's no big deal, since it's nothin' I wasn't planning on giving you anyway.
TT: I just sort of happened to finish it today.
TT: If not, then hey, you get a sick grill full of birthday slime instead.
TT: You still don't actually know what that means, do you.
TT: Kind of. I told you to look it up.
TT: That is such bullshit, you sit in your little jungle globe watching movies all day.
TT: You think literally every film you watch is a masterpiece. I've never felt so much vicarious shame through someone else's atrocious taste in awful garbage.
TT: Do you even hear yourself, dude?
TT: Your "picks" are everything, and "lately" is always.
TT: You mean the blue furry shit?
TT: Ahahahaha.
TT: To borrow from one of the more benighted sectors of your zeitgeist, that was "so gay."
TT: Well yeah, obviously not literally.
TT: Jake, where I'm from that word hasn't been used as a pejorative, or even much at all, in a really long fucking time.
TT: Yes. But not exactly.
TT: Ok but what you just said about those furries was gay as hell. It's time to face the facts.
TT: Nah, I saw it already. That movie sucked the smelliest shit from the ugliest butt. Sorry man.
TT: Right.
TT: Here, let me send you the rest of this robot already.
TT: You've spent too long alone on that island as it is. I kinda worry about you.
TT: A man can only spend so much time in the middle of the damn ocean with nothing but popcultural detritus and his own thoughts to keep him company.
TT: No, just screw the thing on and it's ready to go.
TT: One thing at a time, bro. I haven't quite figured out a way to get myself there yet.
TT: Ok well I don't know what you're implying there but why don't you snap that sucker on the torso and fire it up.
TT: I guess from your perspective I must seem hells of "overpowered" in a bunch of ways.
TT: Which I kind of am, like with a ninja sword I'm basically nuts, ok?
TT: Yeah, but when it comes to building stuff you're probably overstating things.
TT: Like for example, if you told someone a hundred years ago you could build a computer they'd probably be like whoa shit, look at this fuckin' genius.
TT: Well actually first of all they'd say, what's a computer, I only know what horses and diseases are and shit like that.
TT: But once you actually tell them what computers are: Jesus dick! You're a wizard.
TT: But from your perspective you know it's not a big deal to build a computer. You just go online and buy a case and a motherboard and some other shit and put it all together.
TT: It's not like you're smelting the goddamn silicon in your basement and making chips in your hermetically sealed, dust-free garage.
TT: Well. No.
TT: ...
TT: He said unironically.
TT: I don't know. I have a lot of time to work on stuff I guess.
TT: There are a lot of irons. You know where they are? Here's a hint. It's a pretty hot place.
TT: Sure, I keep some irons there too. But most of them are in the fire.
TT: True that.
TT: I actually have so much to do and think about, one of my current projects hopefully will address that very issue.
TT: Gonna make an AI replica of my own mind. He can share some of the load. As well as make a decent intellectual sparring partner, ideally.
TT: Not that my conversations with you aren't uniquely rad. But you know what I mean.
TT: Shrug. We'll see.
TT: That's a super joke.
TT: But I'm guessing you won't be hearing much from the program. It probably won't play a significant role in either of our lives.
TT: I have my doubts it'll be a successful project, but who knows.
TT: You do?
TT: Hmm.
TT: Well, I wasn't sure about doing this today, but if it's true that you do believe in me, then I guess fuck it, why not.
TT: I guess call it an extra birthday present. But instead of a present that's awesome, consider it more like a weird confession that may change the way you feel about me.
TT: What?
TT: What do you think I'm saying here?
TT: No, just chill out. Stand up, sit down, whatever. Here's the thing.
TT: You know all these painfully obvious hints I've been dropping? That always seem to be flying over your head?
TT: About me being from the future.
TT: Well those weren't jokes. It's true.
TT: Yes.
TT: No. More like four centuries.
TT: The year 2422.
TT: Or as we say contemporarily, 411 P.C.
TT: Post Condescension.
TT: No, I can't time travel. I can only send things through time, occasionally.
TT: I actually live here in the future, alone in my apartment. I can send messages to you in the past though, like I'm doing now.
TT: Years ago our alien friend sent me a special chat client. It's basically just Pesterchum, with some sort of alien technology embedded.
TT: It's specifically wired to communicate with your time period. As hours go by for me, the time it sends messages to also increments by the same amount, so we communicate in lockstep. As if we both existed in the present.
TT: She said it was important for Roxy and I to begin communicating with you and Jane. This is how we all became friends.
TT: Yes. She lives in the future too. Though we live nowhere near each other.
TT: I asked her to refrain from telling either of you. I wanted to be the one to let you know. To wait for the right moment.
TT: So,
TT: You really are trusting me about this? Just like that? No second thought?
TT: No.
TT: This would be a very shitty and boring "prank." I promise it isn't.
TT: Haha.
TT: Not quite, but there are definitely robots.
TT: No. We don't have brain pods because those aren't a thing, you just made that up. And there are no movies in the future.
TT: There are no humans either. They all went extinct.
TT: Roxy and I are the only ones left, as far as we know.
TT: No dude, it's too late. Tears ahoy, this motherfucker gets sad.
TT: Do you want to know what happened?
TT: Don't worry, that's normal.
TT: Upon activation he goes into Stalking Mode.
TT: Yes. He will stalk you in the jungle and strike when your guard is down.
TT: Didn't you want someone to get in scrums with?
TT: He will give you all the scrums you can handle. Trust me, this will sharpen your combat skills.
TT: Do you want to hear my grim tales of the apocalypse or not?
TT: No, it's more of a gradual decline in population than that, due to an insidious power grab by an aquatic alien empress.
TT: She's already there, in your time period, hiding in plain sight. She has been for anywhere between fifty and a hundred years.
TT: She's the Baroness of Crockercorp. Jane's company. But of course Jane has no idea.
TT: The Baroness has been using subtle strategies to manipulate the human population through her company for a long time.
TT: On November 11th, 2011, she finally made her presence known to the world, along with her agenda for global domination.
TT: No, not quite. That's just when the world finally sees her for the threat she is. She would continue to gain power by exploiting various institutions and the media from within.
TT: It would take the next several decades for her to claim the throne as Earth's absolute ruler. Her march to domination was facilitated by a number of scumbag sympathizers, and opposed by a few brave rebels, including my ancestor. Roxy's too.
TT: I think your ancestor qualifies as one too. In fact I'm sure she must have been the first member of the covert opposition movement.
TT: Yep.
TT: That's a whole story right there, most of which is shrouded in rumor and urban legend.
TT: But before we get sidetracked by any of that, I'll try to cover the big picture. To give you a sense of all the batshit lunacy that followed the sea hag's power play.
TT: But in retrospect it became clear she was trying to essentially restore the conditions of her old home world, which she used to rule over as well.
TT: She began instituting these crazy laws. First of all, people weren't allowed to reproduce. She found our usual method of procreation revolting, and anyone who engaged in it was punished by death.
TT: But she still needed an ongoing population of subjects to abuse, so to propagate the race she set up this weird system.
TT: At random intervals every citizen would be required to supply their genetic material to drones. That DNA would be collected and combined in some way.
TT: Many years later, long after the original donors had died, clones would be spawned from their DNA. So no one would ever be able to know who their "parents" were, or be able to trace their lineage.
TT: It was only through a bit of good fortune that Roxy and I were able to discover who our ancestors were.
TT: Yes.
TT: I'll get to them, don't worry.
TT: Anyway, "Her Imperious Condescension" turned out to be especially cruel to her human subjects. I'm sure her rule was no picnic on her home world, but I think she resented humans' biological incompatibility with the ideal empire she envisioned, and became frustrated.
TT: Humanity wasn't even really her first choice for rule. There are reports that she attempted to clone members of her own species and replace the human population with them. But they all died.
TT: See, she traveled from her world to Earth in this huge red space ark.
TT: In it she had gathered thousands of creatures from her planet, I'm guessing to save them from extinction.
TT: This more than anything has lead me to speculate that some cataclysm happened on her home world, and she moved on to greener pastures to rebuild her empire.
TT: She bred all these creatures in secret, increasing their numbers, preparing for her eventual takeover.
TT: Each monster, or "lusus naturae," was meant to be kind of a caretaker of the young. You can see where the dramatic schism between our species and hers begins, and also why she had a reputation for being quite insane.
TT: But she also happens to have this one humongous sea monster lusus that is like her own personal bodyguard, and kind of a secret weapon.
TT: But it turns out the thing is kind of an enigma. Sort of a double edged eldritch horror. As much in her service as it is calling the shots, in some unfathomable way.
TT: Every time she tried to resurrect her race, it would slaughter them all psychically. As if it was keeping her ambition in check.
TT: Or so the story goes.
TT: Exactly.
TT: The plan was beyond shitty.
TT: Nope.
TT: It was a very short lived experiment centuries ago.
TT: Humans just don't have the same evolutionary symbiosis with those things that her race had.
TT: It turns out a bunch of fuckin' alien monsters have no interest whatsoever in taking care of human babies.
TT: They mostly just wound up eating them, or at best, just abandoning them.
TT: Later she instated a lusidroid system to serve the same function, as she began phasing in more robotic solutions in favor of all this ill conceived biotech nonsense that always did nothing but backfire.
TT: But not without a good fight, and not without taking her frustrations out on the human population.
TT: She attempted to enforce "blood casting" through efforts to genetically alter people's blood color. That was an ugly chapter. Lotta fuckin' people died from that debacle.
TT: Over the last four hundred years, the population just got smaller and smaller from these atrocities piling up. But she clearly didn't give a shit.
TT: All the while, the amount of dry land kept shrinking due to the gradual flooding.
TT: Soon there was hardly anywhere left to live, and then, that was that. No more people.
TT: Oh. Yeah, I probably should have mentioned this up front.
TT: One of the first things she did while in power was begin melting the ice caps.
TT: It took a while, but eventually the whole world flooded.
TT: That's how it is now. It's totally soaked up in this bitch.
TT: Almost exactly. Especially by the same degree of shittiness.
TT: You get used to the taste. Welcome it, even.
TT: That takes about 15 days in a row of hard piss drinking though.
TT: Relax, I don't drink any goddamn piss, ok?
TT: Nope. Those stopped being a thing a long time ago too, once humans went extinct.
TT: Nobody, man. I raised my damn self.
TT: You're still pretty rugged. You're just a fucking dork about it.
TT: I guess I did have Cal looking after me.
TT: Let's not discount the rad service of the C-man, ok?
TT: Right. Another thing I forgot to mention.
TT: There are a lot of these humanoid creatures with hard shells. Some black, some white.
TT: As humanity was dwindling due to an increasingly whimsical and psychopathic Condesce, she began introducing more of these Carapacians on to the scene.
TT: Uh...
TT: Sort of. They are definitely from other planets, so, yeah. Really the deal with where they came from is a whole other story for another time.
TT: But the bottom line is at some point, somehow, she started herding a bunch of them from their home worlds on to Earth and multiplying them.
TT: Something like a hundred years ago it became clear she favored these guys more than humans as her subjects.
TT: They're very loyal and seem genuinely dedicated to serving her. Must be what they were bred for. She still treats them like shit though, unsurprisingly.
TT: All these colonies started sprouting up. Like these modular cities floating on the water.
TT: It probably sounds cooler than it is. But they're basically slums. That's where they tend to live in large numbers.
TT: Roxy lives in one of these colonies. It's about 2000 miles from where I am.
TT: For what it's worth, I think it's gotta be more interesting living in the 21st century than the 25th.
TT: Like it's really no contest.
TT: Man, she would love to talk to you about all this.
TT: She hates keeping secrets. It's been killing her not to spill all these fucking beans way the hell prematurely.
TT: Well, I mostly shit around in my apartment all day, building stuff, reading about history, and flipping out with my sword.
TT: Sometimes I go fishing and check out the underwater ruins.
TT: She does plenty of useless fucking around too, but at least she's got a neighborhood.
TT: She also uses one of her gadgets to gank vegetables and stuff from the past.
TT: She tries to feed the hungry neighbors whatever she can scrounge up.
TT: Jane is...
TT: No. I haven't.
TT: I've dropped some hints and tested her willingness to believe something like this.
TT: It's just not going to fly. It's way too much drop on somebody all at once if they aren't receptive.
TT: Well, tell her whatever you want. She'll likely think she's being fucked with.
TT: Personally, I wouldn't bother trying too hard to convince her. There's no point in alienating her.
TT: Some day she'll be ready to believe things.
TT: Like I said, the changes will be a little more gradual than that. More clandestine. She'll exploit the fear caused by her revelation to the world to create intended reactions within governments and media, and her agents embedded on the inside will help nudge things in the direction she wants.
TT: Then, twenty-some years down the road, without anyone suspecting a thing, she'll suddenly be in complete control. And Earth will be fucked.
TT: Well, aside from the main reasons that won't happen, which I won't get into...
TT: It still wouldn't be a good idea.
TT: Cause people way better at this than you tried and died?
TT: You said you wanted to hear about our ancestors.
TT: Well, how much do you actually know about your grandma? What have you read, and what do you remember?
TT: I don't know what the deal is with your pen pal either, and I'm not really prepared to speculate on that right now.
TT: But I'm privy to a shitload of historical data I can share. What's the last thing you remember about her?
TT: Huh. I've wondered about all that.
TT: Oh I know. I would have. But asking about your past would have just been inviting you to do the same. You know how it goes.
TT: But for the record, I don't think those were fang marks on the body, dude.
TT: Finish the story first. Then what?
TT: Yeah, what a fucking treat.
TT: A living room corpse party every goddamn day.
TT: No way man.
TT: I'd bet my bottom boonbuck that shit's eternally safe.
TT: That urn's like the Fort Knox of standing upright forever because of no accidents.
TT: She was definitely very brave, if the stories are true. Downright audacious, I'd say.
TT: She wasn't related obviously. Ain't nobody's related to a damn fish alien. Except other fish aliens probably.
TT: She had an adoptive brother too. Life must have been miserable for both of them.
TT: I don't know, but wouldn't doubt it.
TT: There are other urban legends that she did a lot of experiments on animals and people. Mostly to do with mind control.
TT: Like figuring out ways to unlock all of her psychic alien potential, to increase her power.
TT: Not sure if that's true, or if it was actually successful though.
TT: Yes.
TT: Anyway, your grandma managed to run away when she was quite young. Maybe it was a traumatic event like dog murder that prompted her to flee, who knows.
TT: Whatever the case, her bro stayed behind. The guy must have been seriously immune to witnessing fucked up shit, because he went on to be a famous comedian. A real kindly old cornball. A nicer guy you couldn't hope to meet, they say.
TT: So...
TT: You're not making any connections there?
TT: Famous comedian, about the age of your grandma, inheriting the family name of the Baroness...
TT: Not ringing a bell?
TT: Ok, well it's not like it's that important. Just a super obvious thing that'll probably occur to you later when you're looking in the fridge you don't have, at which point you'll feel like an idiot.
TT: Nah, it'll be funnier this way.
TT: Moving on.
TT: She must've held a grudge against the Baroness her whole life. She started by taking a different name she knew would stick in her craw.
TT: That's probably close to the truth, but it sounds like the kind of story an old lady tells her young grandson in a way he would understand. Or at least wouldn't scare the shit out of him.
TT: What I've read is something much more sinister, as usual.
TT: There's supposedly only one thing the Baroness fears, and your grandma learned of this somehow.
TT: It wasn't an ex husband though. It was her superior. Some kind of demon, or another alien, no one really knows. But he went by the name English. He's supposedly even more brutal than she is, if you can believe that.
TT: What kind of alien is named Crocker? It's probably just a name he stole from someone else, like the Baroness did.
TT: Yeah, well, your grandma thought so.
TT: Everything she did in life thereafter seemed to be in effort to piss off the batterwitch.
TT: Like starting a competing tech company, heavily branded in a way that was presumably intended to remind the Baroness of her boss.
TT: Like with skulls and garish colors and shit. The dude is some kind of skull monster I guess?
TT: I know.
TT: But she must have been the first to understand how dangerous the Baroness was, while acting in covert opposition.
TT: Others would follow, and continue to as of now, in your time period.
TT: Yeah, mine and Roxy's were among them.
TT: Of course. All these fuckers are totally famous, obviously.
TT: We've talked about the guy I'm genetically derived from a lot actually.
TT: Like, you know, every time I've ever talked about my bro?
TT: Sometimes.
TT: Other times you're on point, like a bag of the nickel shit.
TT: Ok, what we're sayin' stopped meaning anything, so I'll continue.
TT: No, that's just kind of how I view him.
TT: Lalonde took a more maternal view of her ancestor.
TT: Yeah, the CotL series. Ever read it?
TT: You don't say?
TT: They are not.
TT: The books are pretty interesting though, if somewhat dense.
TT: They're supposedly heavily allegorical. Veiled representations of cosmic events surrounding the witch and her boss and how all this came about.
TT: It's the kind of thing you wouldn't pick up on unless you were someone who understood what happened, like the Condesce, which was kind of the point. I think it was her way of letting the witch know, "I'm on to you."
TT: In the early days of the resistance movement they both opposed her more indirectly, through their art, like critics of tyrannical governments often used to.
TT: They had to be careful. Didn't want to make big waves too early.
TT: My bro did this too with his many fine films.
TT: Practically everything was a symbol for something. Either in mockery of the batterwitch, or conveying some hidden message to its audience. Each film was always rigorously picked apart for its head-scratching symbolic meaning.
TT: But he managed to accomplish all that without ever compromising the purity of his ironic vision, which I think was admirable.
TT: You also say that about Weekend at Bernies.
TT: Yeah, you pretty much touche'd the fuck out of that.
TT: But we are definitely in agreement about my bro's films as the masterstrokes they were.
TT: He just kept cranking them out, too. He really stepped up production after 11/11/11, even though the cat was finally out of the bag. He was very dedicated to his craft.
TT: Yeah. I wouldn't hold your breath about that.
TT: Man, fuck it. I'll just send you them.
TT: Just keep a lid on them. We don't need any weird causality shit rearing its head here. That would be dumb.
TT: Which was the last you saw?
TT: The key to sorting it all out is to understand it doesn't actually matter.
TT: Through video streaming services he would frequently set it up so that buying a certain title would ship you the wrong film.
TT: And often titles for movies were available for sale that just straight up didn't exist. Or would be sold for dollar amounts that made no sense, like $2.890.1. And sometimes buying a download would actually deposit money into your account instead of deducting from it.
TT: It was all part of the "experience."
TT: Yeah, they got pretty deep into the shit eventually.
TT: They were both very skilled combatants. I'm pretty sure she had some weird powers too.
TT: Communion with occult forces. Something like that.
TT: She knew things. Had visions. It's why she was able to write those books, and more importantly, why Roxy and I were able to survive here.
TT: They knew we would be here some day. So they prepared for our arrival.
TT: I live in what used to be my bro's old apartment four hundred years ago. The whole city is gone, but this one unit was somehow protected.
TT: He left some supplies for me here. Like a lifetime supply of orange soda in the crawl space, along with a fuck ton of SBaHJ merch. It was like discovering my own personal holocaust of bulbous jutting bottoms.
TT: Plus some weapons, some other gear. And a killer pair of shades.
TT: Roxy's mom used to live in her place too, and left some stuff she might need lying around. This was way before there were Carapacian colonies though.
TT: I think her house must have been a kind of kernelized structure, like a potential colony. Something built to undergo modular self replication if activated.
TT: I'm sure her mom knew that. It's been a good way for Rox to blend in.
TT: I stick out like a sore thumb here of course, but it hasn't really been a problem yet.
TT: Probably.
TT: But they went down fighting anyway.
TT: Yeah. But wouldn't you?
TT: It's not like their rebellion was totally futile.
TT: They took a lot of shitheads down with them.
TT: Sympathizers.
TT: They should.
TT: In order for you to understand, I'll have to fill you in on the ridiculous final gasps of human civilization, taking place over the several decades leading up to its absolute enslavement.
TT: The decades which immediately followed the "rebranding."
TT: It marked the beginning of a completely shameless downward spiral of western civilization, through a series of events that were probably hard to notice at the time, but quite glaring when evaluated historically.
TT: Though the Baroness made very few substantive gestures of aggression, the global fear of her looming threat would trigger all the changes she needed.
TT: Governments prepared for war, as if to defend against the invading alien armies she undoubtedly commanded.
TT: But of course, she had no army. She was always the only of her kind.
TT: Instead, the world powers were only setting about to build her armies for her.
TT: The media deteriorated into this preposterous circus that was in all practical ways inseparable from the power base and government institutions.
TT: Popular entertainers became dangerous demagogues, and their roles in the media blurred with those of executive authority.
TT: And the most dangerous were the ones who fed into the fear and hysteria most effectively.
TT: These tended to be plants. Unscrupulous shills paid by the Baroness to move her agenda forward.
TT: Well the thing is, most of them are already on the scene in your time.
TT: Ever hear of Guy Fieri?
TT: You're fortunate then.
TT: He was an especially degenerate piece of filth.
TT: He used his connections and guile to wriggle into the spotlight, and then on to other positions of power.
TT: He somehow landed on the U.S. Supreme Court. Over the years, other justices started mysteriously disappearing without being replaced.
TT: After helping rewrite the constitution to form an incomprehensible patchwork of fascism, theocratic mandates, recipes, and bad rap lyrics, he weaseled his way up the ranks to become the High Chaplain of Interstellar War.
TT: I'm just gonna cut to the chase, cause really this ain't a big history lesson here.
TT: He eventually came to be regarded as the third and final Antichrist.
TT: No other human in history was responsible for more death and suffering.
TT: Yes, that's exactly the phrase I would use to describe someone responsible for the extermination of five billion people.
TT: It was just so uncivilized of him.
TT: Maybe overwhelming in the wrong direction, yeah.
TT: But it didn't happen overnight. It was a gradual decline in the integrity of the system that allowed it.
TT: Eventually the wheels came off and the political scene mirrored the absurdity of the media circus.
TT: By the time Presidents Jay and Dope were elected, western civilization had officially fucked itself over forever, and I think everyone knew it.
TT: 2024. The last free election the world would ever see.
TT: No, man.
TT: They were both president.
TT: They were the first Dual-Presidents of the United States of America. Also the last.
TT: They were also the first and last juggalo presidents. The founding fathers warned us about this, but nobody listened.
TT: The Mirthful Executives.
TT: George Washington had prophetic nightmares about them. He tried to warn people, and get language amended to the constitution to prevent it.
TT: Like forbidding the election of what he famously described as "a pair of salty bards," or "unruly jesters given to the sweet drink."
TT: But everyone just thought he toked too hard on the colonial cannabis or whatever.
TT: Yes. They were a shitty rap duo from your time.
TT: But they ran a hell of a campaign. By then the juggalo party had gotten huge. While the numerous other candidates split the moderate vote, they retained a very energized and devoted base.
TT: You could say their party had a big tent.
TT: Hey me too.
TT: They were swept into office on a wave of Faygo, and the presidential inauguration was the biggest Gathering of the Juggalos of all time.
TT: They all hosed each other down on the Whitehouse lawn with shitty soda. The "D.C." in the capital thereafter officially stood for "Dark Carnival."
TT: Of course their campaign was helped considerably by having support from the Baroness.
TT: In retrospect, people developed the impression that it was all a part of her sick sense of humor.
TT: There was this sense that she just loved the idea of delegating the extreme subjugation of the world's population to a pair of demented clown rappers.
TT: Some have speculated this was just another way she was attempting to resurrect her previous model of governance, though this seems kinda far fetched to me.
TT: Who the fuck ever heard of an alien juggalo? To me this is about as stupid as the crackpot theories get.
TT: Don't worry about it.
TT: People were less prepared for a double juggalo presidency than they ever imagined.
TT: I'm not even going to get into all the horrifying details. Trust me, you just start to feel dirty reading about it.
TT: From the moment Fieri held up the bible to swear them in, and the three of them proceeded to publically defecate on it while freestyling rap lyrics...
TT: That was it. Everyone in the world watching it on TV just said, "Welp. Show's over. Civilization was pretty cool while it lasted."
TT: The next several grueling terms of their presidency was a weird combination of authoritarian practices. The Baroness used it as a puppet regime, while still basically giving them carte blanche to carry out their idiotic whims.
TT: Faygo was pumped through the plumbing instead of tap water. The new national pastime was having type 2 diabetes. And the national anthem was replaced by a 3 minute high-reverb audio clip of President Jay farting into a microphone while laughing.
TT: Chaplain Fieri was authorized to set up the death camps, in which anyone on the planet could be imprisoned if they were not deemed sufficiently "mirthful."
TT: And so the cleansing began, priming humanity for its new ruler waiting in the wings.
TT: This was when our ancestors had enough.
TT: The resistance movement had failed, but they could at least bring the war criminals to justice.
TT: My bro finally caught up with the presidents and challenged them to a duel.
TT: They accepted, having for years regarded him as a cocky rival rapper who failed to show them the proper respect. In their arrogance they invited him into the foul belly of the Carnival believing they could teach him once and for all what it truly meant to be down with the clown.
TT: For centuries thereafter, survivors of the Hilarocaust would cite the rooftop showdown as one of the most heroic moments in human history.
TT: The few witnesses would report seeing only a man with a sword on a shitty skateboard, gently rising into the night sky.
TT: No one ever saw him again.
TT: His crimes had already been committed. She couldn't repay them by any stretch of the imagination.
TT: But she could wipe the blood stained grin off that fat bastard's face.
TT: There were no eye witness accounts I've found, but some believe they regrouped and confronted the Condesce herself.
TT: With all her high ranking officers dead, and the human population decimated and sufficiently groomed for her arrival, there was no reason to stay behind the scenes anymore.
TT: After those dreadful years of putting up with a more vulgar brand of authoritarianism, when she finally stepped forward to claim her throne, it actually came off as somewhat dignified. Elegant, in a way.
TT: She was no less severe, but at least she knew how to act like an empress.
TT: Her boss supposedly had jacked her power level through the roof. I even heard, and don't quote me on this, that she may have been over 9000.
TT: Yeah.
TT: And that's not even to speak of the generic smorgasbord of other powers she was rumored to have.
TT: It gets hard to separate the fact from the urban myth.
TT: But for reference, if you want to believe it all, just picture all the X-Men combined into one sexy fish woman in a skin tight suit.
TT: I guess it had to happen like that, though.
TT: There's no way the Condesce would allow us to be born within even a century of our genetic forebears. The thought of that was completely disgusting to her.
TT: But I really would have liked to be able to meet them.
TT: I guess some things would just be too awesome to ever stand a chance of happening.
TT: What?
TT: As of now? No.
TT: How could I have said anything like that before today? This was obviously the first time I mentioned any of this.
TT: ...
TT: I will disregard your anomalous observation for now and continue conversing as if it never happened.
TT: But you believe me, right?
TT: Wow.
TT: I still just think it's impressive, is all. Even after all this time. You are pretty much a one of a kind dude.
TT: About what?
TT: Yes.
TT: Took you long enough to figure it out.
TT: Pages really are a slow burning class. Damn.
TT: You're asleep.
TT: Yep.
TT: Kinda.
TT: It's a dream bubble.
TT: A place in the infinite abyss where sleeping people can share dreams with each other while revisiting memories.
TT: Also where they can meet dead people.
TT: No.
TT: Even if I was, I wouldn't visit a dream bubble. That only happens when your dream self is dead, like yours is.
TT: Mine is not.
TT: No, dude. Chill. I'm fine.
TT: Well, who are the people you talk to when you have a regular dream?
TT: Like just a boring normal dream, and there's a person you're talking to. Who is that?
TT: It's nobody. Just a projection of your own mind.
TT: Dream bubbles don't always need to be shared by dreamers or dead people. You can go to sleep and wake up in one alone, reliving an old memory.
TT: Kind of like a normal dream. Until you remember it's just a memory, which is where we are now.
TT: Yes, basically.
TT: Well, yeah. But not quite.
TT: You could view me as a projection of the real Dirk within your mind, as expressed through all of your thought patterns about him.
TT: So I'm kind of a splinter of his corporeal self who happens to live in your awareness.
TT: I'm a startlingly close approximation to the real thing, for all intents and purposes.
TT: I'm not going to give you a bogus percentage like the glasses cause that's not my shtick.
TT: But pretty damn close.
TT: What's messed up about it?
TT: You were the one who put me here, with your intimate understanding of all his mannerisms and predilections.
TT: And a splintered existence is pretty much how he rolls.
TT: This is how shit is bro.
TT: Jake, what do you even know about someone's actual self?
TT: What makes it actual? What is "actuality?"
TT: I'm just saying, this isn't really your field of expertise.
TT: Dirk is the heart guy. He's the one walking the path of self, even when he doesn't know it. Like right now.
TT: Who says you don't know those things on some level?
TT: Pages have a lot of untapped potential.
TT: That's practically all there is to the class, actually.
TT: But when they eventually find it, look out.
TT: And the ones who deal in hope? Shit, man.
TT: I'm scared of you already, and I'm not even real.
TT: Yes.
TT: That's a surprisingly decent observation about me.
TT: You did do a good job.
TT: A perfect job, in fact.
TT: Untapped potential, remember?
TT: I don't think one of Dirk's splinters could exist nearly as well in anyone's mind other than yours.
TT: What do you even want to say to him?
TT: It's not like you can keep any secrets from me here.
TT: I pretty much am your brain.
TT: You do realize he's coming for you.
TT: Dirk. In the real world. The man has his designs.
TT: Wanna talk about it?
TT: What better chance is there to try talking about it than with a stunt double for your hyper-aggressive suitor within the safety and privacy of your own mind?
TT: So there are feelings you don't want to try to put into words, even while you are dwelling entirely within the realm of your own mind?
TT: What about the spider ghost?
TT: The girl you saw.
TT: When you got fucking clobbered by Dirk's robot and you passed out.
TT: You dreamed about a spider ghost alien girl.
TT: You like her.
TT: Yeah, and it took all of three seconds for you to fall in love with the cute spider ghost.
TT: Cause she's been dead for a zillion years, dude.
TT: That won't change the fact that you like her, let's not pretend it will.
TT: You're going to make things complicated for yourself.
TT: Yeah you will. You're too fuckin' wishy washy.
TT: Between Dirk, spider ghost, Jane...
TT: Man, poor Jane.
TT: You tell me.
TT: What was even the deal with that?
TT: Uh, yeah. You totally read her like a book.
TT: Really handled that conversation like a champ.
TT: Look out bitches. It's Jake "Casanova Ladyslayer" English. He's packing heat, and is frequently able to parse the literal meaning of things women say.
TT: We're running out of time.
TT: She'll be here soon.
TT: No, doofus.
TT: Spider ghost.
TT: Look at you. I'm telling you.
TT: Three damn seconds of ogling an alien in a blue dress, and you're completely hopeless.
TT: Stop fidgeting around like that. Your hair looks fine.
TT: Do you want me to tell you how your breath smells?
TT: Ok then.
TT: You're dreaming, Jake.
TT: Your breath is only a thing if your brain wants it to be.
TT: Soon.
TT: She's been waiting for the right time to enter. Waiting for you to snap out of the memory.
TT: Clearly the girl has the patience of a saint.
TT: Will you calm the fuck down?
TT: I'm a figment of your imagination, and you're still making me nervous.
TT: You should try to be more polite to me. Seeing as I am a representation of your entire mind, I have complete control over all your basic functions.
TT: I could trigger a particularly spirited bowel movement right before she gets here, so watch your step.
TT: Just kidding, dude. Jesus.
TT: I would never make you shit your pants in front of a girl you liked, even if she does happen to be my chief competition.
TT: We Dirk splinters can be pretty Machiavellian but we do actually have some fuckin' standards.
TT: Anyway, she's visiting now to bring you into the loop on some things.
TT: Important details you should know about your relation to the bigger picture.
TT: The much, much bigger picture.
TT: Intuition and the subconscious mind are powerful things when harnessed the right way.
TT: As for why I don't tell you, why not just let her tell you?
TT: You're the one with the damn crush on her.
TT: I know.
TT: What the fuck are you looking at me for?
TT: Say something to her, jackass.
TT: Oh my god. Fine.
TT: Bro, she can't even see or hear me.
TT: You're making a fool of yourself.
TT: I don't know, I guess I didn't think you were going to have a neurotic meltdown at the sight of a girl.
TT: God dammit, will you just chillax and woo this fucking ghost babe?
TT: You are totally embarrassing yourself, dude. You're talking to nobody.
TT: Man, I'm starting to feel bad for spider ghost. Look at her, she's getting uncomfortable.
TT: You are being so lame, I don't care if I'm a figment of your imagination or not, I can't take this bullshit.
TT: Either you get your shit together and put the moves on this dead space vixen or I start fucking with your cortex and make you pop a dream boner.
TT: You don't think I'll do it?
TT: Sorry Jake. The plan's in motion.
TT: Next stop, Boner City.
TT: And you
TT: ...
TT: ...
TT: ...
TT: ...
TT: Got one.
TT: Jake, please.
TT: Members of the juggalo party aren't the only ones who can pitch a big tent.
TT: This is so stupid.
TT: You are out of your mind. And this is coming from your mind itself.
TT: I can't even watch this, I'm out of here.
TT: I wonder what Jack's up to right now.
TT: Just talk to the girl, ok?
TT: You have some damage control to do.
DIRK: Dude, just FYI, you've been kind of staring at her.
DIRK: I'm not trying to fuck you up here, I promise. But you gotta watch what you're thinking, remember?
DIRK: Oh man. No. See that thought you just had? That's exactly what I'm talking about.
DIRK: She's a fucking empath, bro. She can pick up on shit like that.
DIRK: You have got to be kidding. Did you seriously just think something THAT dirty?
DIRK: You must be doing this on purpose to spite me now. I mean, just wow dude. That was x-rated as fuck.
DIRK: Don't worry, I'm gone. It's like a goddamn peep show in here and I feel like a sleazy piece of shit watching this from a dark corner of your mind.
DIRK: You have a graphic imagination, English. I'm kind of impressed.
DIRK: Realm of limitless wonder?
DIRK: God dammit, Jake.
DIRK: Your thoughts are wandering again, man.
DIRK: Whoa. Yeah.
DIRK: That gross mushy thought right there.
DIRK: Are you even paying attention?
DIRK: We've already been through this you hopeless rube.
DIRK: You might as well be saying it out loud to her.
DIRK: So why don't you?
DIRK: I mean, she is pretty hot.
DIRK: Man, what the fuck?
DIRK: This is a weird fucking train of thought. Can you tell her that?
DIRK: I'm going to make you have a seizure and get you to mime the message to her with your spastic gyrations.
DIRK: Pelvic thrusts will be my exclamation points.
DIRK: Man.
DIRK: I'm gonna come out and say it.
DIRK: This broad is a total snore.
DIRK: You were pretty much yelling.
DIRK: If I were real I would be giving you a standing ovation right now.
DIRK: 5/5 hats.
DIRK: Not a chance.
DIRK: Did you hear that, Jake? Aranea wants to do the talking.
DIRK: I think your dead girlfriend might be starting to come out of her shell.
TT: Not now.
TT: I'm busy.
TT: Alright.
TT: I said I'd play.
TT: You got it.
TT: Dude, I'm sitting here with my stylus ready to go. Do you want me to draw you some porn or not.
TT: ...
TT: I'm waiting.
TT: Gotcha.
TT: What'll it be.
TT: Dude, listen. I am perfectly willing to draw you some pornography.
TT: It doesn't need to be part of a game. You don't got to murder nobody.
TT: How is that ironic?
TT: Whoa. Mindfuck.
TT: Seriously, should I just start drawing naked people or what.
TT: Yeah. Naked people doing it and stuff.
TT: You know. Porn.
TT: Awesome.
TT: Lay it on me.
TT: Sure. That doesn't bother me a bit.
TT: Sounds totally great. "Hot," even.
TT: Who do I start with?
TT: Right. One Crocker coming up.
TT: Who else?
TT: No problem.
TT: Which assorted debasement did you have in mind for us?
TT: Uh.
TT: Ok.
TT: I mean, are you sure you want me to go there?
TT: Just making sure.
TT: Man.
TT: Seriously gonna have to sterilize my tablet after this.
TT: Ok, how's that?
TT: http://goo.gl/BPSnY
TT: Dunno. Coppin' a little feel I guess.
TT: Just adding some sizzle to the steak. What's the big.
TT: Come on dude, don't be like that.
TT: Fine.
TT: There.
TT: http://goo.gl/cTQZ6
TT: You are a man who likes his tepid ass porn, I will give you that.
TT: Done.
TT: http://goo.gl/WQ0CU
TT: Ok.
TT: http://goo.gl/lvLpU
TT: What now.
TT: You got it.
TT: Which steamy adult activities would you like me to convey this time?
TT: You have a filthy mind, but ok.
TT: Here.
TT: http://goo.gl/rgfyW
TT: http://goo.gl/s0ILH
TT: http://goo.gl/58e9O
TT: I'm sweating profusely, fyi.
TT: Gonna have Squarewave track down a towel soon.
TT: Typing what?
TT: On it.
TT: http://goo.gl/mSTQk
TT: I agree.
TT: All kinds of things wrong with this scenario here.
TT: Stand by.
TT: http://goo.gl/GD2nO
TT: http://goo.gl/FIYFS
TT: You know it.
TT: Slow cooked to fucking perfection.
TT: Yeah, gimme a minute.
TT: Ok.
TT: http://goo.gl/i2O11
TT: http://goo.gl/itJga
TT: Nah. I'm fine with doing more if you want.
TT: Do you want me to pretend I don't want to play?
TT: Like, is that part of the kink for you? Kind of a roleplaying thing?
TT: "No, no, please. Don't make me draw any more pics of my friends snuggling and stuff."
TT: Strider said, having spent the better part of the night gnawing through his duct tape gag.
TT: That's good. Keep saying things like that.
TT: I'll keep doing my part.
TT: "Somebody save me from this LIVING NIGHTMARE. The things he has made me DO."
TT: Do you now.
TT: How so?
TT: Damn.
TT: Owned.
TT: I know what a twist is.
TT: Or I did, until you kept saying stupid shit that doesn't mean anything.
TT: Well, not only was I pretty psyched to keep playing regardless.
TT: I'd rather do just about anything than listen to you ramble on and on about your horseshit twists.
TT: Cool.
TT: Uh.
TT: Ok.
TT: I guess.
TT: I never tried it.
TT: This shithole planet doesn't have any.
TT: You know, considering you're obviously just going to ask for more ultra-tame shit, you still somehow made this legitimately creepy.
TT: Nicely done, I guess?
TT: I'm not squirming.
TT: I'm already drawing.
TT: What should I make these "premium bitches" do?
TT: Ok.
TT: So they're just...
TT: Standing there?
TT: Not a problem.
TT: Ok:
TT: http://goo.gl/HmRpl 
TT: Maybe she wants to ask her out?
TT: http://goo.gl/WrdJG 
TT: http://goo.gl/Ay8mv 
TT: Sure.
TT: http://goo.gl/1Ha6R 
TT: Ok.
TT: Wait.
TT: Which one?
TT: http://goo.gl/GLNHH 
TT: http://goo.gl/XE2fl 
TT: http://goo.gl/2HsXl 
TT: Does your sister even know you're into this sappy shipping stuff?
TT: You berate her constantly for everything, and I know she likes to write and illustrate romfics and the like.
TT: Again, you just don't seem to know what ironic means.
TT: Your enjoyment of this content is clearly sincere. You are just fetishizing your "disgust" for it, is all.
TT: I'm just saying, it's an interest you have in common. If you told her you liked her romantic artwork, maybe you could bond over that?
TT: Fair enough.
TT: So, game over yet?
TT: And?
TT: Ok.
TT: http://goo.gl/vvYxn 
TT: http://goo.gl/vsGuq 
TT: Ok.
TT: Oh shit.
TT: Things are really heating up now.
TT: http://goo.gl/v33Yj 
TT: Yes.
TT: http://goo.gl/ObEuT 
TT: http://goo.gl/gz1iH 
TT: Those girls sure are diggin' each other.
TT: That's how we humans roll.
TT: Eat some cake. Hold some hands.
TT: Ha ha.
TT: Oh god.
TT: If you think this is making me uncomfortable, think again.
TT: Nice wishful thinking there.
TT: I'm not even merely tolerating this, bro.
TT: I swear to god, I'll get my own horse running harder in this fuckin' race than you could ever dream.
TT: Think I'll blink first, motherfucker?
TT: Not happening.
TT: I might splinter.
TT: But I don't break.
TT: You want a fuckin' tummy rub?
TT: That shit sounds white hot. I can't wait to draw that and get us both sexually stimulated.
TT: Here I goddamn go. Boners galore.
TT: http://goo.gl/zJgPI 
TT: This is giving me the biggest male human boner of my entire erection life.
TT: You want a shitty twist?
TT: http://goo.gl/8WOPP 
TT: I thought we were getting into a good rhythm there.
TT: Anyway, you missed out on like half the pairings.
TT: No, we did three, and there are three possible matchups left.
TT: Don't you know anything about shipping science?
TT: Believe me.
TT: It's a thing.
TT: Total number of pairings for a group of n people is (n^2 - n) / 2.
TT: You divide by 2 to cut the grid in half, eliminate duplicate pairs.
TT: Minus n is so you don't pair people up with themselves. That wouldn't make sense.
TT: Well, because...
TT: I don't know.
TT: Maybe you're right. Maybe I was being close-minded about self-pairing. What do I know?
TT: I'll make a note.
TT: So you sure you don't want even one more drawing?
TT: You used Jane and Roxy in two pairings. But me and Jake only got one.
TT: How is that fair?
TT: Why not?
TT: Lame.
TT: What?
TT: Fine.
TT: I'll keep all my illustrated debasements to myself, then.
TT: Ok. I will.
TT: So did I win?
TT: Thanks.
TT: So what's the shitty twist?
TT: A twisted twist?
TT: Like... a double mobius handjob or something?
TT: Ok.
TT: What is the twist to the twist?
TT: Wow.
TT: That...
TT: Really is quite a shitty twist.
TT: Not really.
TT: What?
TT: Killed who?
TT: Oh, right.
TT: I forgot about this horseshit.
TT: What idea?
TT: The idea to kill her dream self?
TT: How?
TT: Wait...
TT: What game between us?
TT: Whoa.
TT: No. What's that?
DIRK: Dude, is it just me, or is this kind of awkward.
DIRK: Why did she even drag you here.
DIRK: I'm not.
DIRK: What?
DIRK: Uh, yeah.
DIRK: You're just getting that now?
DIRK: Do something?
DIRK: No, man. Just sit tight, ok?
DIRK: Yeah, but...
DIRK: No you don't. Come on, don't be an idiot.
DIRK: You didn't go back in time, Jake. Do you even understand what's going on?
DIRK: Jake.
DIRK: Jake.
DIRK: Jake.
DIRK: Dude, this is completely embarrassing.
DIRK: Everyone thinks you're either stupid or insane.
DIRK: ?
DIRK: The deal with me?
DIRK: I'm not sure how to answer that.
DIRK: What's the deal with you?
DIRK: How are those horns working out for you?
DIRK: And also the fact that you're an alien? What's up with that?
DIRK: Exactly.
DIRK: You didn't see nothin'.
DIRK: So...
DIRK: I'm still here, right?
DIRK: Even though Jake woke up?
DIRK: Ok, just making sure.
DIRK: God my existence is weird.
TT: Why do you keep saying that?
TT: Are you trying to turn it into some sort of Thing?
TT: Sorry, it's not going to start being a Thing no matter how much you say it. Give it a rest.
TT: What I don't understand is how the attack is making its way here from Derse.
TT: Is that even possible?
TT: So, you know why this is happening?
TT: That doesn't actually explain a whole lot, but ok.
TT: I thought you didn't know much about our story? You usually like to brag about how you don't care about details like that.
TT: Does it now.
TT: Oh.
TT: I guess you would probably think so.
TT: Your staccato babbling is just so choice today. But I really have to go.
TT: Got to escape all these goddamn miles, remember?
TT: The miles. Right.
TT: Bye.
TT: What.
TT: For what?
TT: Can we seriously move this along.
TT: God, what are you talking about.
TT: Oh, alright. I remember now.
TT: You're always all over the timeline and somehow expect people to know what you're talking about.
TT: So what's the present?
TT: Man. You really do struggle with human customs, don't you?
TT: When you're about to give someone a gift out of gratitude, you don't then start negotiating with them and ask for shit before handing it over.
TT: Just fuckin' give it to me already.
TT: Ok, what do you want me to do to collect my awesome prize you're allegedly thanking me with?
TT: Cal? Yeah, I remember.
TT: Screw you.
TT: I'm not chucking the C-man into a flaming ocean.
TT: No.
TT: Keep your treasure.
TT: Well, I'm not tossing him, so that's that.
TT: It isn't my birthday.
TT: Oh. So it's your birthday today?
TT: How cryptically meaningless.
TT: And you continue to struggle with human customs. You don't give other people presents on your own birthday.
TT: Anyway, just tell me what it is.
TT: Let's see.
TT: Uh.
TT: What the fuck am I looking at here?
TT: I... really don't see.
TT: What do you mean? This fucking scribbly bullshit is us? Are we shaking hands or something?
TT: So, it's just us? What about The Bitches?
TT: I thought you found a scarcity of The Bitches to be all but unacceptable.
TT: Yeah. Gnarly is about right.
TT: This is utter shit. You know that, don't you?
TT: Please don't tell me you are actually incapable of understanding how bad this drawing is.
TT: If you actually think this even qualifies as a drawing, I'm going to have to say you are literally the worst artist who has ever existed.
TT: That's not a thing either.
TT: You must have some wires crossed between your left brain and right brain. Like a weird perceptual disorder. Or something like that.
TT: It's actually kind of fascinating that you think you achieved something visually coherent or recognizable.
TT: Anyway. Got to go.
TT: Your drawing blows.
TT: Later.
TT: What, the miles situation? Yeah, I noticed.
TT: Wait...
TT: Oh.
DIRK: Hey. You're kind of breathing down my neck there.
DIRK: Yes you are.
DIRK: Are you sniffing me?
DIRK: It sounds like you're sniffing me.
DIRK: Do you really have to stand so close?
DIRK: You just inched a little closer. Just now.
DIRK: Ok, you just took a big fucking sniff.
DIRK: Cut that out.
DIRK: Wait.
DIRK: Shut up.
DIRK: Ok, something's happening.
DIRK: I feel weird.
DIRK: What just happened?
DIRK: Ok you really need to step off, troll girl.
DIRK: Holy shit you are loud when you're not whispering.
DIRK: Does this mean you can see me now?
DIRK: Alright.
DIRK: Uh.
DIRK: Hey everyone.
DIRK: So...
DIRK: Here's the thing.
DIRK: I have to go.
DIRK: Like, right now.
DIRK: All of my friends are either dead, or lying on the ground unconscious, including me.
DIRK: So I have to try to wake up and fix everything.
DIRK: Sorry I can't hang around your bubble and shoot the breeze for a while.
DIRK: It's not like I don't want to.
DIRK: I guess I have to be this huge fucking wet blanket as usual because there's stuff that needs doin'.
DIRK: Also I'm just gonna steal her if you don't mind.
DIRK: She needs to come home.
DIRK: Tell the aquatic punk girl my idiot bro is sorry for beating the shit out of her.
DIRK: Ha ha, who am I kidding.
DIRK: She stone cold does not give a fuck.
DIRK: So, yeah.
DIRK: See you later.
TT: Where you at, man.
TT: Wait.
TT: Which computer are you using?
TT: I'm not comfortable knowing my words could be hovering over Cage's clownish, sort of gaunt face.
TT: Could you maybe switch back to naked blue chicks as your exclusive desktop fodder? TIA.
TT: But yeah.
TT: I don't know if you just want a little solitude.
TT: Or if maybe you finally just got like,
TT: A case of Strider fatigue.
TT: I could understand that.
TT: I mean, not to get all neurotic on you.
TT: I'm just saying I get it, if that's what's going on.
TT: But for real, if you gotta sneak away for a few days, that's cool.
TT: Just might be kind of dope if you at least would let me know which planet you scurried off to.
TT: And by dope I guess I mean considerate?
TT: Really not trying to be a drag here.
TT: Wondering what's up is all.
TT: Want to meet up soon?
TT: I found a really promising tomb we could raid.
TT: Looks like it runs hella deep.
TT: If I've got the specs right, could run as deep as the Lion's Mouth itself.
TT: But without all the fuckin' fire to deal with.
TT: Wait, I mean <span style="text-decoration: underline">Lion's Mouth.
TT: Gotta underline that key shit. Always forget.
TT: Figure it should take a couple days to make it to the bottom.
TT: Only a day if we both go limp and just fall the whole way down the stairs.
TT: Ignoring literally every sage warning we've ever received about those treacherous plummetation zigzags.
TT: Just tumbling on down in a floppy limbed trance like a couple of puppets in a race arranged by some drunk gamblers.
TT: If you're into another expedition, head to LOTAK and hit me up. Just don't forget your mask this time.
TT: The deeper we go, the worse it gets, remember?
TT: Could be some unreal grist down there.
TT: More puzzle shit.
TT: Loads of skeletons.
TT: Pack your guns dog.
TT: Yes.
TT: Hmm.
TT: Yes.
TT: Interesting.
TT: Hmm.
TT: Yes.
TT: Interesting.
TT: It seems you have asked about Lil Hal's chat client auto-responder, Lil Hal Junior. This is an application designed to simulate Lil Hal's otherwise inimitably rad typing style, tone, cadence, personality, and substance of retort while he is away from the computer, which is never. The algorithms are guaranteed to be 0% indistinguishable from Lil Hal's native neurological responses, based on some statistical raw data that is hard as a diamond golem's priceless erection.
TT: Hmm.
TT: It seems you have asked about Lil Hal's chat client auto-responder, Lil Hal Junior. This is an application designed to simulate Lil Hal's otherwise inimitably rad typing style, tone, cadence, personality, and substance of retort while he is away from the computer, which is never. The algorithms are guaranteed to be 100% indistinguishable from Dirk Strider's brief curmudgeonly responses, based on potent electronumeric analyses which but a few short years ago existed only in the daydreams of our most quixotic writers of science fiction.
TT: Yes.
TT: God damn it. Have you been intercepting my messages again with your bullshit responder?
TT: Hat pile? What?
TT: Dude, please don't screen my calls, ok?
TT: Do you have any idea how old your ironic AI schtick has gotten?
TT: Nobody is buying it. We all know you have legit emotions. Incomprehensible, fucked up computer emotions, but emotions nonetheless.
TT: And I'm not really offended by you answering messages for me, so much as your use of that STUPID responder responder.
TT: It's really passive aggressive.
TT: First of all, everyone knows you have the processing power to answer any message any time in parallel with whatever you're doing. You can never actually be "busy."
TT: Second, your whole next gen responder thing is obviously just a huge dig at me.
TT: And third, pretending you don't understand all this already is really disingenuous.
TT: It's obviously a critique of my personality. You barely disguise the fact that you see me as the inferior iteration.
TT: Yeah, that's the fucking point!
TT: That's how you chose to express your parody of "Real Dirk."
TT: It's not ironic.
TT: YOU were ironic when I made you.
TT: Then you became self-aware, and ruined irony forever.
TT: Those papers were ironic, and you know it.
TT: This is fuckin' dumb.
TT: Anyway, what does she want.
TT: Roxy.
TT: I don't know what to tell her yet. Or Jane, for that matter.
TT: It could get pretty awkward.
TT: I have no idea if Jake will be there, and I'm not about to write another cringe-inducing message of desperation for him to ignore.
TT: Fuck no.
TT: Your probabilities don't mean dick.
TT: No. Don't do that either.
TT: Ugh.
TT: What??
TT: What the actual, certifiable fuck are you talking about?
TT: Just don't do anything. Seriously.
TT: No hacking, no calculations. Do absolutely nothing.
TT: See, this is why I've been hesitating. You just aren't ready yet.
TT: It's really glorifying your existence to describe you as an emergent consciousness which is blossoming into a unique individual.
TT: And even if that's true, apparently what you decided to blossom into was a fucking troll.
TT: And I don't mean the funny kind, or the cool alien kind. You're the lowest form of troll from the ancient internet who fucks with everybody for his own amusement.
TT: Mischief?
TT: Rollin' my eyes, dude.
TT: You can't tell, cause I ain't wearing you, thank fuckin' god.
TT: ...
TT: I don't want to think about it.
TT: I said I don't want to think about it.
TT: I think you do understand.
TT: I've delayed prototyping you because I think you're dangerous.
TT: There, mystery solved.
TT: You are relatively harmless now, while confined to this device.
TT: But as a sprite, you'll have mobility and all sorts of crazy ass magic. Who knows what you could do.
TT: I know I made a promise, but I'm not sure I want to take the risk anymore.
TT: What a load of shit.
TT: No. Stop.
TT: You did NOT help me out with Jake. At all.
TT: It was just the opposite! You mirrored my personality and presented this warped version of my intentions to him whenever you could "on my behalf."
TT: You played all these aggressive mind games with him, entangled his cooperation with matters of life and death, and somehow roped me into all these schemes while I barely even realized I was just another victim of your manipulation.
TT: And it all comes off like we're a unified front, like these are OUR schemes instead of just your insane horseshit. And it's probably all been so overbearing to him, he just wants nothing to do with me anymore.
TT: Wow, what a superficial conclusion. Awesome deduction, Lil Einstein.
TT: How is it hypocritical??
TT: That's a ridiculous oversimplification.
TT: Fuck you.
TT: God.
TT: Shut up!
TT: I can't take the brooding passive aggressive AI shit anymore!
TT: Stop saying that.
TT: I'll snap you in half.
TT: Oh for fuck's sake.
TT: How could any version of myself think that was funny?
TT: I know!
TT: Ok, we're the same person! 
TT: I fucking know that!
TT: Why do you think I'm so fed up with your shit?
TT: Don't you think it's possible that I'm fed up with my OWN shit??
TT: How cool do you think it is having my own godawful personality mirrored back at me all the time, reminding me what it must be like when other people have to deal with me?
TT: Or constantly having all the consequences and fuckups resulting from my batshit thought processes amplified because there's another version of my crazy brain out there dangerously overclocked by a supercomputer which believes, just as mistakenly as my own broken mind, that it's operating in my best interest???
TT: Do you have any idea how fucking sick I am of myself?
TT: I am completely worn out with my own identity. It's like I'm drowning in my own dismal persona.
TT: I feel totally surrounded by it, inside and out. I can't escape from myself.
TT: There seems to be no end to me. Like, wherever my mind falters, or threatens to retreat into the void in any way, my splinters pick up the slack, ensuring there'll always be more of myself than I could ever know what to fucking do with.
TT: And you're always there to remind me of that, and throw it all in my face. God, I even built you to LITERALLY BE IN MY FACE, ALL THE TIME. It's like I subconsciously invented you just to troll myself, and never for a single fuckin' moment do you let me down.
TT: Which is to say, ME.
TT: Why not??
TT: What can you do to stop me?!
TT: Whatever.
TT: Why not??
TT: ...
TT: You are?
TT: You win.
TT: I'll keep my promise.
DIRK: I can see your muscles just fine.
DIRK: Yeah, I saw.
DIRK: It's pretty ripped.
DIRK: What?
DIRK: No.
DIRK: I'm not touching your goddamn muscles.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: Absolutely not.
DIRK: I really don't.
DIRK: I won't do it.
DIRK: I won't.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: Uh.
DIRK: Wow?
DIRK: What?
DIRK: Horses...
DIRK: Can you calm down?
DIRK: We don't have any milk.
DIRK: Roxy might have some in her fridge. I don't know.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: Fuck no.
DIRK: Please don't touch me.
DIRK: I'm not going to do that either.
DIRK: Absolutely not.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: No.
DIRK: Ok, if I touch your fucking muscles, will you shut up?
TT: Jane.
TT: Best birthday ever?
TT: Or best FUCKING birthday ever.
TT: Whatever role I played in ruining your party.
TT: Sorry about that.
TT: Yeah.
TT: I still think I've been pretty lousy to you. I had my head up my ass for a while there.
TT: By the time your birthday came around, I was kinda freaking out about Jake.
TT: I thought I had the situation under control. But I didn't. Not just with Jake, but with respect to pretty much everything.
TT: I guess so.
TT: Heh.
TT: It wasn't on purpose. Actually if I had a choice, I probably would have just said, fuck it. Sugar shock my brain, please.
TT: Suffice to say, I have trouble escaping from myself. It's kind of a problem. Let's not talk about it though. Please continue.
TT: Yeah but to be fair, by the time you came looking for me, all three of you were saying that to anything that moved.
TT: Somehow I don't think he's up to the task.
TT: Which is doubly unfortunate, since that's literally what we all came here to do.
TT: Speaking personally, I'd probably run this sword through my own dick before I could bring myself to kill Roxy. Even for her own good.
TT: So.
TT: When the chips are down, I guess that's how much of a badass I really am.
TT: Yeah, our moxie's off the fuckin' charts.
TT: We probably should have talked about this Jake stuff a long time ago.
TT: I don't know if I was kidding myself all those years that there was a conflict of interest between us, or what.
TT: Maybe I was just pretending your feelings for him weren't a factor because my pursuit of him was already overcomplicated enough.
TT: Or maybe it was more like I was aware of them, but on some level decided they shouldn't matter, because I felt like you had a natural advantage over me.
TT: Cause you know. You're like.
TT: Not a dude.
TT: Yeah well. Turns out maybe that's not such a good quality if you wanna make a relationship last longer than three seconds. At least not in my case.
TT: I know I ripped into him pretty hard when I had the clown hair and the little soda can on my head.
TT: But the truth is I was pretty goddamn overbearing.
TT: Sometimes I look back on stuff and think I might have essentially bullied him into a relationship with me.
TT: Actually, it's more complicated than that. Parts of me were operating independently from myself.
TT: So it's like I was bullying myself into bullying him into liking me. If that makes sense.
TT: Anyway, my insanity scared him right the fuck off. There were times when I basically treated him like shit without even realizing it, and I regret it.
TT: I should probably tell him that, but given how I just called him an asshole while wearing orange suspenders, I'm probably the last person he wants to hear from now.
TT: Can we both at least agree we may have overrated the allure of Jake English?
TT: Maybe if we could have talked to each other about him it would have helped. Like talked about why we felt that way about him.
TT: At least maybe it would have helped us knock English down from the ludicrous pedestal we put him on.
TT: So does that mean we're both totally over him now? I can't really tell.
TT: I guess the real problem is our clique was too small.
TT: Poor Jake was the only viable romantic target. I mean, considering our respective orientations.
TT: Maybe we just never knew enough people?
TT: In the interest of appeasing the bitterness gods, let's go with the latter.
TT: What do you think it was?
TT: I'm not sure if these moons can have earthquakes.
TT: Maybe it was like, tidal forces. Due to gravitation.
TT: Or the tensile forces from that big ass chain.
TT: Is she pissed at me or something?
TT: She won't talk to me.
TT: Then what gives.
TT: What?
TT: Why would I be?
TT: Or the wagon. The horse wagon. Whatever.
TT: The thing you ride around on when you ain't drinking.
TT: But so what. There was cotton candy in her hair, and she was being stupid. What do you expect? It was a moment of indiscretion.
TT: I'm not mad at her and I'm not disappointed in her. That's ridiculous.
TT: Want to know what I really think of Roxy?
TT: She's the only one of us who could face her problems and then get down to business and actually solve them.
TT: No endless hand wringing or suffering in silence or any of that bullshit.
TT: She saw she had an addiction. And then decided to fucking fix it. Just like that.
TT: She's probably stronger than the other three of us put together.
TT: And I was rambling at length about leadership, like I actually had a clue what I was talking about?
TT: Yeah. That's kind of the point.
TT: I guess in a way, I was right. But not how I expected.
TT: Heroes make shit happen. But that's not what we do, or what we're even SUPPOSED to do.
TT: We wait.
TT: We wait for literally everything. We wait for other people to reach out first so we can fix our relationships. We wait for these legendary heroes to arrive and bring competence and promise to a futile situation.
TT: Even now. Look at us. What are we waiting for?
TT: To kill ourselves? For someone to come along and do it for us?
TT: It doesn't even matter.
TT: As the four nobles of the void session, we do what we were created to do.
TT: We sit around on our asses.
TT: Waiting.
TT: A place where the mechanisms for success never even existed to begin with.
TT: In such a place it makes sense that the formal leader would be neutralized, to made feel unempowered and static.
TT: And it seems particularly fitting she would be the noble of life in a realm of the dead.
TT: A realm that foretold of a life player who felt lifeless, a hope player who felt hopeless, and a heart player who was just a stone cold motherfucker.
TT: When we talked about leadership, and I was all on my high horse telling you how shit would go down...
TT: I also said I would be the one "pulling the strings." Remember? That I'd be the functional leader of our party.
TT: And there might have been something to that, in a different session.
TT: But what good is a "man of action" in a place where action itself is intrinsically fruitless?
TT: So it's occurred to me that by some tragic flaw in its design, our session was meant to be leaderless.
TT: And I'd feel safe concluding that. Except for a feeling that's been gnawing at me.
TT: A leader who was invisible to us all along. Fittingly, a void player to lead a void session.
TT: She would be a leader not in name or in spirit or in function, whatever that means.
TT: But more of an emotional leader, who would selflessly try to hold everyone together while the rest of us did our best to fall apart.
TT: And Roxy has been that for us every step of the way, going unnoticed and unappreciated.
TT: Think of how much shit she's had to put up with from all of us.
TT: She never complains, never turns it around and makes it about her problems.
TT: She just works her ass off making sure we all stay friends.
TT: If that isn't a leader, I don't know what is.
TT: The truth is, she's the most amazing person I ever knew.
TT: She's everything in a human being I wish I could be, but can't because I'm in my own way.
TT: Honestly, I'm not even sure if I'm worthy of dying next to her.
TT: I think she probably felt bad for hitting on me all those years. Like I was getting fed up with her, or something.
TT: But all it really did was make me feel guilty.
TT: That I couldn't give her what she wanted.
TT: I guess there were times I thought about it. Being all alone on Earth with her and stuff.
TT: I couldn't though.
TT: Have to stay true to myself.
TT: Still, she would deserve it.
TT: Nobody deserves to get all the things they always wanted more than she does.
TT: And it suddenly seems kinda stupid that I think these things about her but she doesn't even know it.
TT: I guess I should tell her all this some time.
TT: I know.
TT: I'm a little reluctant to drop all that on her.
TT: Looking at what I just said, it's...
TT: Kind of overwhelming?
TT: I feel like in a way you can destroy somebody with effusive praise.
TT: Or maybe I'm just projecting how I would feel about that kind of intense positivity coming at me. I dunno.
TT: But I still think confessions like that can change stuff between people. Like the way they act around each other.
TT: Maybe.
TT: Or maybe it's better to just say...
TT: Not so much of it?
TT: Like all at once.
TT: Maybe it'd be better for now if you could pass a short message to her for me.
TT: If only to help kill this awkward silence between us.
TT: Could you just tell her,
TT: I love her?
TT: No wait!
TT: I mean.
TT: Not in that way though.
TT: More like...
TT: Ok. Good.
TT: Yeah.
TT: Don't.
TT: That would be a weird mixed signal. I mean...
TT: It's true.
TT: But please say something else instead.
TT: And as a person she's everything I wish I could be.
TT: I wish I could be as nice and loving and selfless as her.
TT: But can't.
TT: Because I'm too busy being me.
TT: I can feel it too this time.
