Well?
I know.
I'm asking what you intend to do about it.
Aren't you going to kill her?
Your friend.
The one who summoned the spirits.
Does it matter?
She brought them here to torment you. This obviously warrants revenge.
You know you're going to anyway. You won't be able to help yourself.
No, they are terrifying you.
There's only one thing to do.
That's not how I work.
Not really.
All I did was stand somewhere for a few minutes.
I just gave you an opportunity to do something you wanted to do anyway.
You hated him, remember?
They were serving a very important purpose.
Again, I didn't talk you into anything, nor am I doing so now.
You were, and are, going to do this regardless.
I only ever place myself into positions of tangential involvement with events that will bring about my employer's entry into this universe.
I oversee the events as they take place, and ever so slightly nudge them into motion when necessary.
The omniscient have no need for beliefs and no room for delusion.
That's true.
But the gaps in my knowledge exist by design.
They are the pillars of shadow on which my comprehensive vision is built.
Necessary pockets of void meant to effectuate outcomes I've foreseen and which will require my influence.
Each dark pocket, in time, will be filled.
But I wonder why I waste this nuance on you.
I don't lie.
Deception is only necessary for those like you to achieve their objectives.
I play with my cards face up.
Isn't it funny how during our various matches, I can tell you what my moves will be in advance, and still win?
Look at that. The short amount of time I have reserved for arguing with a child has expired.
I will go.
But maybe you're right. Maybe you are a person with free will and you won't kill your friend.
What do I know?
Enjoy your haunting.
How were you able to contact me?
Never mind, I figured it out instantly.
Yes, through my limitless intellect.
Occasionally I discover there are things I have not always known.
It gives me the opportunity to make deductions, which are practically always flawless.
It's gratifying.
You asked your clever friend with the colorful spectacles to trace the source of my messages.
He then established a relay for your messages to reach this source through some sort of computational proxy.
I gather he has recovered from his implementation as a weapon in the sabotage of your mutual friend, whom you both believe to be dead.
I have a name.
It is not White Text Guy.
I'm not going to tell you my name.
But if you wish, you may refer to me as Mr. Vanilla Milkshake.
It is perfectly in keeping with a habit which you will develop in the future.
Why?
Yes, I said you believe she is dead.
And soon, you will believe she is not.
Both statements are true.
And yet each exhibits a trace of falsehood.I doubt it.
It's disturbing.
But sometimes that is the nature of these hollows in my perception.
It feels a bit like dark water, sloshing about the cavity in my head.
What do you know of this?
What advantage is this?
I thought you were hers.
SHE HAS WHAT?
You rang?
That was a joke. Of course you didn't. I don't have a doorbell, remember?
[Haa haa, hee hee, hoo hoo.]
Welcome to my apartment. I trust you'll find my voice is more palatable against this decor. I continue to be an excellent host.
I'm expecting two more guests later. First one, and then another. 
Make yourself comfortable in the meantime. But don't touch the candy on the table. That is reserved for one of my guests.
She really did a number on it, didn't she? It's virtually unplayable like this.
What a shame. There are many moments trapped on this disc which you would have no doubt found to be quite exhilarating.
It will take time, though. I estimate, by which I mean I am certain by way of omniscience, that when I am done we will have reached just shy of the green circle on the card above. I'm sure you have already presumed this mark represents the beginning of Act 6. The disc should be ready to run in time to witness the Critical Event, a confluence of thickly interwoven, aconcurrent circumstances which have been meticulously arranged by myself, influenced to a much lesser extent by you, and by an even more negligible degree, our heroes. The scratch will be healed in time to watch these heroes put into motion, yes, The Scratch itself.
If you don't mind waiting here while I complete my repairs, I will tell the rest of the story. I will show you as well, as I recover data from the disc. But the visuals I supply will be nothing more than abbreviated snapshots, and my telling will be abridged.
Immortality notwithstanding, I'm not going to live forever, you know.
Never mind, I figured it out instantly because of my unfathomable intellect, limitless knowledge, and mind boggling charisma. Granted, my charisma had less to do with it than the other qualities. But it didn't hurt, did it?
Here, I'll show you.
The Seer of Mind had challenged the Thief of Light to a simple game of chance. 
If the result was the undamaged side, the Thief would agree to stay. If not, she would "go."
The result of the flip was left inconclusive, at which point you decided to pay me a visit. 
But the inconclusive should not be confused with the uncertain. The actual result was trivial; it was a constant across all timelines. 
The Thief used her abilities to steal the fortune of her opponent, and forced the flip to yield what she regarded as the most favorable outcome. The Seer anticipated this move, correctly.
This is why I don't care much for gambling. While a sucker is born with each tick of the clock, a cheater is born with each tock betwixt.
Also, because it is boring, and I am already a very wealthy man.
Naturally, the Thief knew this was her intent all along. She knew the Seer would have understood the outcome to be rigged, and that she likely intended to kill her as a consequence of the fixed result. This was to be seen as an implicit dare to the Thief to allow the flip to fall fairly, something which the Seer knew the Thief's ego wouldn't allow.
And the Seer knew the Thief knew all this as well. 
Just another pair of cheaters attempting to play with their cards face up. Amateurs.
Each was gambling, not with any vehicle of probability, which had been eliminated from the equation, but with each other's intentions. The Thief indeed took the Seer's bait, stealing the luck needed to affect the flip in defiance of her dare. And in turning to leave, she then posed a dare of her own to the Seer, challenging her to back up the implied threat.
This was the Thief's gamble. She wagered the Seer would not be able to go through with it.
Well, almost. There's a bit more.
But in order to understand its proper conclusion, we should first catch up with another of my other proteges, from whom I'm expecting a message shortly. 
The other Seer. 
The other Hero of Light.
The Seer wouldn't win this duel. 
My apologies if this spoils the outcome for you. I can't speak as discreetly about such matters against this canvas.  
I told her about stares.
[8^y]
I'll remind you that the pacing of my account will be characterized by a reduction in granularity from what you have come to expect by way of an undamaged disc. You will imagine the remainder of the duel to be sensational, and I will continue my steady distribution of facts as if they were pieces of candy, poured from a bottomless white hemisphere. 
The duel ends. The Seer dies. The Slayer departs. The Heir comes back to life.
It would be disingenuous of me to present it as such, and I will not belittle your intelligence with such a tawdry narrative ploy. It would be rude, and I am too well dressed for that kind of behavior.
If there truly stood some chance of permanence to the Heir's corpsehood, I can hear you asking now...
The other Hero of Light. Always bugging him.
Bugging and fussing and meddling.
What's her deal?
I mentioned there was a bit more to her story. I believe it's time to resume it.
I trust you won't mind if I step away for a moment. I have important guests arriving very soon. If you need me, I'll be up here, making sure everything is in order, which it already is, and keeping an eye, which I don't have, on the clock, which I don't need.
We met here in my apartment a little while ago. At that moment, I was busy hosting you from the future, who is you right now, but I did not mention this at the time. I would have introduced your past self to your future self and vice versa, but it is a well known fact that past and future selves tend not to get along. A good host would never tolerate the potential for discord among guests, and as hosts go, I am simply the best there is. 
Please don't be alarmed. Past you was just leaving.
Where was I? 
The Slayer was, for the moment, unmotivated by the Thief's motion for a compelling duel. This side of The Scratch, he opted for a more ruthless and calculating policy of extermination. On his arrival, not about to repeat the mistakes leading to his banishment, he quickly obliterated all twelve planets, followed by Prospit and Derse, to weed out those who might outsmart him in the same manner. 
With as little fanfare, he seized the opportunity to follow the Thief's trail quickly before it dissipated, and destroyed their hideout in the veil. 
Again, sorry for the interruption. My conversation with the girl ran a bit long, slightly exceeding the one second I scheduled for it.
This is where events begin to outpace my awareness. The deeper into this dark pocket we explore, the more I will be forced to speculate. I rarely have cause to rely on probability, but luckily for you, my guesses are better than anybody's.
And if I'm going speculate on this duel, I might as well make use of earlier clippings. 
For the Slayer, this was round one against the Hero of Light.
And just as probably, due to her impressive hoard of stolen fortune, she would have a 100% chance of rolling the most favorable result.
Ordinarily, this result would be almost impossibly improbable. The odds of the roll would be 1 in 16,777,216, to be specific. 
And to be less specific, 1 in...
Where y = 8.
[Hee hee.]